Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: We opened tonight on jargon mountains rising from the planes are sharp boundary between the flat expanses of Dunbar, the planes and deserts that stretch away to the south and the massive central mountain range that divides the content into
Timothy Sackton: Well paths wander through the mountain ranges from the planes below. They just upward peaky and snow cap against the wild flowers blooming in the spring.
Timothy Sackton: It's mid morning the center is having last shortly a gal and you stand looking north at the mountain wall in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: In the distance you can still see the center's willing south towards carwash convinced to travel to the Dunbar, he lands to warn can dress.
Timothy Sackton: And the rest of the Denmark about the possible danger of the spreading corruption in the north.
Timothy Sackton: The road you're on continues into the mountains north from here.
Timothy Sackton: A short distance. I had a flat clearing and camping area stand before the gentlest sent up to the past.
Timothy Sackton: To the east, the wall of the mountains continues, but you can see two small streams cascading God from the snowy heights and a few miles distance along wall guarding the approach the valley of ravens hold
Timothy Sackton: Faint were from something rotten and burning carries from the east, despite the stillness and quiet of the plans.
Timothy Sackton: But nothing. Moving on the wind and an unnatural silence around you, you contemplate your next move.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't believe we didn't think
Eric Rosenbaum: To ask the Centaurs if they could give us anything to help us in our quest.
David Kong: You sure we didn't do that. I remember asking them that
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, now that you mentioned it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We somehow skipped over that interaction.
David Kong: Actually meta game. What did we talked to the seminars about
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my god so much. They're amazing.
Mike Sackton: We had this like super long conversation was all like
Eric Rosenbaum: Sent out like
Kate Sackton: We were off falling asleep, because it was early morning so it's hard to stay awake.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they have deep knowledge and understanding of the universe, but
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We wouldn't understand. And also, whatever they're doing that they can't tell us it's so important that they don't have time to talk to us. So they have to go buy it was kind of like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Mike Sackton: They like went to toxic and rasa.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah
Mike Sackton: It was like they were like their, their weapons are being kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: The water. It's the problem with the water right
Kate Sackton: Keep that in mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: This we should be very careful about that, actually.
Mike Sackton: All right. They told us not to drink the water
Mike Sackton: Did I think so.
Kate Sackton: Witness.
Timothy Sackton: Wow base. Yes. I mean, they said they were fleeing. They weren't leaving their lands to the east, because
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of
Timothy Sackton: Points in our corruption have been spreading from Raven sold you know I
David Schwartz: Remember about a
David Schwartz: Disease and poison flowing from a rope that binds the land to another plane poisoned water funding from Raven hold and contaminating more and more land, if I remember right demons that secondly earth and how all the infinite
David Schwartz: imaginings of people exist.
David Schwartz: In the infinitive mindfully.
Mike Sackton: I was going to do the same thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only someone
Eric Rosenbaum: Taking a careful
Eric Rosenbaum: notes about
David Schwartz: A reading
David Schwartz: I recall like 10% of this
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean I was about to be quoted the session notes to that you started reading
Eric Rosenbaum: Thing is the thing about centaurs is that
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right, right. We created. Okay. The whole thing was that humans created this portal to hell by imagining how. And now, something's coming out of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's your
Eric Rosenbaum: fault if we just imagine
Mike Sackton: All your fault human handling.
Mike Sackton: We exactly
Eric Rosenbaum: portal there instead
Yeah.
David Kong: He dropped the session notes into the chat by chat room.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah yeah
David Kong: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Okay, so we're session notes. I didn't see this
Kate Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: Thoroughly in an email.
Mike Sackton: Said, oh, no, no, no. They're in Darren, you have to go to the session six notes and then click on the wake, and then realize that Tim when he said updating them updated the same document.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you're supposed to be able to figure out in his mind as well as me. Kate.
Kate Sackton: I'm supposed to be as motivated as you Mike.
Mike Sackton: I only looked at it because I could remember the last session five minutes ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like looking at them when Tim sends them so I can update them with weird things that my character did
Mike Sackton: You never said that is true.
Timothy Sackton: I know I texted them.
Mike Sackton: He did you texted out right. I don't. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't get max on my now that's fine there in the
Mike Sackton: There in the same I found them from your email from session six
David Kong: Okay, but in summary, there's some kind of portal to hell.
David Kong: Some portal to another dimension that is open unclear exactly how to open something about humans worshiping it creating it. Now, there's a, like a portal to another dimension weird mouth even monsters that we fought including other things are leaking out of this hole.
David Kong: And it's related to the lightning storm, because I'm in the center's we're headed towards the lightning storm and then yeah redirected them elsewhere.
David Kong: And then Tim was like oh shit you guys just changed the whole thing is now the Centaurs aren't going to lightning storm anymore. So hopefully that's good.
Eric Rosenbaum: We, I think we did remember how we did
Eric Rosenbaum: Bring that 50 foot
Eric Rosenbaum: collapsible lightning rod.
Eric Rosenbaum: That we bought. I'm glad we brought that planning.
David Kong: I do have that staff.
I've been carrying
Timothy Sackton: Carrying it for a while.
David Kong: I have
David Kong: All right, do we have our bearings now.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're less
David Schwartz: So we, we
David Schwartz: Don't know definitively that this like finding or portal or whatever to the other plane is in ravens hold we know is that true didn't say like that portal is in ratings.
Timothy Sackton: So it wasn't some i mean
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. They didn't say specifically where anything was, but it was more of
Timothy Sackton: A you know there's other plane where these creatures come from, was it was created long ago by human belief and is now sustained by their sort of
Timothy Sackton: The fear and the tower that these creatures generate and people's nightmares and the
Timothy Sackton: Corruption that they were fleeing was coming from ravens hole, but whether those were necessarily directly connected to
Timothy Sackton: The nose and
Timothy Sackton: demonic influence and all of that is
Timothy Sackton: Was never entirely clear.
David Kong: All right, should we get into character.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: What do you want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Contemplate the mountains.
David Schwartz: Seems like we have two possible
David Schwartz: avenues for entry.
David Schwartz: Moniz to go through the front
David Schwartz: And one is which has the disadvantage of poison water deadly insanity vines and being out in the open.
David Schwartz: For a good long while, as we go to it.
David Schwartz: And the other is trying to find the backdoor into the dorm stronghold disadvantage being we have no idea where it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: There, there is
Eric Rosenbaum: A third option involving
Eric Rosenbaum: The water route.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: I was in favor of the water route until I heard about the water being poisonous.
You raise
Eric Rosenbaum: An important and valid concern.
David Kong: Before we we speak more deeply about how to get into ravens hole. Can we contemplate for a moment, the larger picture.
David Kong: There appears to be some type of connection with ravens hold to whatever the sources of this demonic evil that we are now seeing that is clearly spreading
David Kong: Do we
David Kong: Do any of you have a sense of what the connection between ravens hold is and these beasts, or do we have thoughts on what that might be. I just, I, I just think of a little bit about what we might find there and what we might need to prepare ourselves for
David Kong: Because
David Kong: It feels as though there there's likely to be some kind of an actual physical entry these pieces have to be coming from someplace. They don't just I don't think the ritual utilizing out of nothing there. They're coming from somewhere. So
David Kong: We come from that.
Kate Sackton: Giant storm.
David Kong: It could be coming from the storm or they could be coming from ravens hold or they can be coming from someplace farther east
David Kong: Because there's the corruption from the water and then somehow wherever these beasts are coming from. And I don't know if any of you have thoughts on what the story here might be that's connecting these these puzzle pieces.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we talk about the mouse creatures for a moment. Yeah.
Please.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have any evidence to suggest that point of origin for those
David Kong: You're not a tiger. I don't think unless the off know something more about them.
Mike Sackton: I've never heard of them before. That's right. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: There hate the hyena headed
Eric Rosenbaum: Man, by contrast to those relate to anything that
Eric Rosenbaum: We've seen people folks have seen in this world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or my does also have come from another plane of existence.
Timothy Sackton: Is that you
Timothy Sackton: That Kesa other Kesa told you about 30 some odd years ago 3040 years ago there was
Timothy Sackton: A SUMMER OF
Timothy Sackton: Attacks where similar creatures had come across the
Timothy Sackton: Border of the blasted planes.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Had sort of rated in small numbers not not in large numbers.
Timothy Sackton: And does
Timothy Sackton: But then had sort of faded after a month or so. And nobody really quite knew exactly why or what the cause of that was
Timothy Sackton: I mean they're not things. He just sees sort of walking down the street right they're not
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: But totally unheard of in this world.
Kate Sackton: Now with during our encounter. We had been tracing back from the mouth creatures in the hyenas.
Kate Sackton: As we set out on our journey. And then we got to that place where there had been a splitting of the Ways and there were multiple paths that various tracks took
Kate Sackton: At this point, do we have any point of reference about whether they came from ravens holders a storm or anywhere based on when back when you had their trail.
David Kong: Yeah we tracked them. We tracked them. So this is meta game again we tracked them where
Timothy Sackton: I mean you track them all the way
Timothy Sackton: You sort of followed their he didn't continue following their tracks.
Timothy Sackton: Past the road right so you track them from Kerala sort of honest.
Timothy Sackton: relatively straight but a little bit of
Timothy Sackton: Twisting path to the
Road.
Timothy Sackton: And then you turn north on the road after you encountered
Timothy Sackton: What was your name.
Timothy Sackton: The Donmar a people who were coming south, who had missed the festival because of the fire started by the storm.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: And you didn't continue following the tracks. At that point, but your presumption was that they were heading towards ravens old
David Kong: seems as though
David Kong: As a part of our discovery, we need to learn fundamentally about what these other dimensions are what these other planes of existence are and where we're at the source of these there's there's a deep mystery about
David Kong: What the source of this corruption is and where it's coming from.
David Kong: Obviously I hope we we can uncover something in writing this whole but
David Kong: Seeker we there may be some
David Kong: We may again need adventure someplace else as well. To learn more about the origins of these dimensions. There's something
David Kong: Something we have to learn here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been making some drawings, as you know, my pull out a
Eric Rosenbaum: World Map, not unlike the one in roll 20 but just
Eric Rosenbaum: WITH MORE DETAIL, DETAIL in the region that we're in and then
Eric Rosenbaum: A second copy of it with some slight differences. Now these are just
Eric Rosenbaum: Hypothetical changes.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the delineation.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you can see and I start to flip the pages back and forth.
Eric Rosenbaum: As the the map where a flip book and I could animate temporal changes.
Eric Rosenbaum: The world is shifting the lines of shifting the points of intersection are changing.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I think that's important, but I don't understand it.
David Kong: We have any idea what playing these beasts are coming from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the Centaurs mentioned
Eric Rosenbaum: One possibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Abyss. They called it
David Kong: So many questions. And so if your answers.
David Kong: I don't know if anybody else can shed any more light on this situation. I just want to make sure that if we when we, when we had the Ravens Hall. We have some idea of what we're even getting into what we think we might even see there
David Kong: And maybe we don't
David Schwartz: I think the silence is a strong answer.
David Kong: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Right there haunting the halls of my forebears we will have to persevere against them.
David Kong: But it seems as though we should adopt.
A
David Kong: seems likely, at least we should adopt a countenance of stealth and
David Kong: I do in
Our presence.
David Kong: I feel our last journey we were we're not quite as successful and keeping a low profile will you may want to try our best to do that this time.
David Schwartz: As soon as Council against going through the
David Schwartz: Front door.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: Perhaps that's that's wise. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: The mountains. Let's say you see her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their homework, they
Eric Rosenbaum: Might feel comfortable if familiar to travel in the mountains. Again, the question is how easily we can find an entrance to this place. I haven't visited before
Kate Sackton: I was not divisive a route through the mountains.
David Kong: Intuitively, I'm heartened by the fact that before meeting you all, I've never met a dwarf before. Now here we have to
David Kong: I do feel a
David Kong: I don't know. It feels like we have some some bit of advantage there with both of your wisdom and your, your connections to your ancestry.
David Kong: It feels like their mid I maybe, I don't know if we're choosing between two bad choices. It might be a little more
David Kong: Maybe a little bit more, you know, benefit there. I don't know.
Kate Sackton: We may be able to pick up traces of the long road north, which is on my grandfather's map the great uncle's map and
Kate Sackton: Use that to set our bearings
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting idea. You're saying there might be
Eric Rosenbaum: Covert entry or exit from the road itself that we could use and then work our way back to the fortress.
David Schwartz: Oh,
David Schwartz: How far on with the next entry point. Is it a matter of miles or dozens of miles before
David Schwartz: You know, the next on ramp into the Underground Railroad.
Eric Rosenbaum: The way points are far apart.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: Surely there's like ventilation holes or like a place where it like water comes in or something that's written
Timothy Sackton: It's, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Possibly. Many of these urban pathogens. Well, you know, our
Timothy Sackton: Slope down a mile beneath the earth right there. There's no
Timothy Sackton: Guarantee that there's entry ways
Timothy Sackton: Beyond
Timothy Sackton: The outposts and sort of places where the
Timothy Sackton: There's been explicit building have a place to sort of connect with humans or other people to trade.
David Schwartz: So I'm thinking like of the, you know, like the subway great slick the ventilation greats.
David Schwartz: There's probably not those is what I hear you saying
Timothy Sackton: Now there's not ventilation. Great.
David Schwartz: I mean more. Yes.
David Kong: We
Timothy Sackton: Will be shops carved way up to the top to lead in sunlight for a particular reason. Right, it's not that there's never any contact to the surface, but it's not likely that there's sort of any kind of regular
Timothy Sackton: Maintenance
Timothy Sackton: Tunnel or shaft or anything like
That
Eric Rosenbaum: It might just literally be the minimum for breathable air.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Kong: And we see the maps, again, sorry. Remember those words.
Mike Sackton: are indeed if you go to
Timothy Sackton: Their in their
Eric Rosenbaum: Resume to get those out again.
David Kong: How do we start
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's a little newspaper icon at the top right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and you should see them both.
David Kong: Up. I see. Yeah, this whole
Kate Sackton: Here, how it indicates that the escape route is not far from the part of the fortress of connects long road north. So if we can find one, we would find the other perhaps
Kate Sackton: But both are difficult to imagine identifying from the outside because they were not designed to be found.
David Schwartz: In succession. I have
David Schwartz: For the two of you for us. I mean, I
David Schwartz: spent a lot of my life friend boats and even on a ship that I had been on before I could probably figure out how to rig it pretty quick. Is the same true for dwarves and doors. I mean, even if you don't have a map, even if you don't know what it is. Is it, is it a matter of
David Schwartz: Just thinking through the right way to do it or
Eric Rosenbaum: I might, for instance, read the stone and
Eric Rosenbaum: Feel my way through the certain features of the living rock that would suggest to an ancestral architect where you might put this feature that one to hold up a, you know, an overhang or a cavern to place an entry point or an exit.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it may pay my way around and
Generate
Timothy Sackton: These exits is passageways in and out of
Timothy Sackton: 12 and strongholds are hidden
Timothy Sackton: But often
Timothy Sackton: Not
Timothy Sackton: They're not made to be invisible. Right. So oftentimes there will be
Timothy Sackton: Markings or or hints that would at least indicate to a dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: which way to go.
Timothy Sackton: They may have other protections
Kate Sackton: There mechanisms, maybe ancient but
Kate Sackton: Mechanisms or something that I attuned to and
Kate Sackton: We'd be hopeful that I could interact with
David Kong: It's just a feeling, but I like having the dual I like having are both of you here.
David Kong: Given given our destination. One question and actually maps. What's the, what's the relationship between these two maps. Where's the
David Kong: How did these two maps intersect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, so the the
Eric Rosenbaum: The door of an outpost is at the top left of the map of reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I understand correctly.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so those the like waterfall. There's a pool of water.
Timothy Sackton: On the right, which is the dunmurry for and the Dwarf Fortress on the left which is the door of an outpost as a road that goes between them.
Timothy Sackton: Whether there are other connections underground is not something that was indicated on the maps. But if they traded with each other or were engaged in mutual defense would certainly not be impossible.
David Schwartz: It's the scale like on that map like the scale of residence hall, but presumably the castle itself isn't a scale that up our cross say is that value.
Timothy Sackton: So this is probably
Timothy Sackton: Between half and three quarters of a mile.
Timothy Sackton: Probably closer to half like 2020 500 feet, something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the height of the waterfall features.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just so we're clear
Timothy Sackton: None of you have been there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and we can't see it from here we can see just the edge of the weekend.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can see from here is the sort of
Timothy Sackton: The very mouth of the valley sort of the edge of
Timothy Sackton: What you can see what
Timothy Sackton: We're sort of looking at right now is
Timothy Sackton: So you're on the road which goes up into which starts to slip up towards the towards a pass, and you can see the road is
Timothy Sackton: So it's becoming more of a road here, right. So for most of the time you've been traveling along with basically a wagon track through the, through the planes, but this is actual sort of
Timothy Sackton: Ancient much more ancient construction edge sides paving stones and cetera sort of going up and sort of turning on switch box a little bit to head up towards the hideaway and
Timothy Sackton: There's a, there's like a camp site sort of obvious place where people have rested and spent the night off to the left sort of just off the side of the road. And then if you're standing looking at the mountains, looking at the past going up. You can see to your right, there's sort of two
Timothy Sackton: Blocks of mountains coming down. So there's one that's just immediately to your right.
Timothy Sackton: And then you sort of go pop. Then there's a, like a valley and then it comes back out again. And there's a second one that's maybe a mile and a half distant that where you can see the edge of the
Timothy Sackton: Of the wall of ravens hold sort of peeking out there. So there's like
Timothy Sackton: Another Valley, sort of in between you, me,
Timothy Sackton: And there's, you can see a stream coming out of each of these valleys.
Timothy Sackton: So one coming out of ravens old one coming out of the valley that's in between you and
David Kong: So when people say Raven sold either referring to all of the stuff that's off the waterfall. I
David Kong: Think that all of that is considered red envelope.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: We might
Eric Rosenbaum: Learn something by entering this first Valley and sniffing around the stream to see any evidence
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the poison on the surrounding vegetation, and wildlife.
Eric Rosenbaum: And from there you could imagine we might pass instead of going out in the round up and over.
Eric Rosenbaum: The wall of mountains between the valleys energy to come out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Near the Dwarf Fortress.
David Kong: Is there a way to show that on like in in a role plenty. You know, like you can like press a thing, and it'll make a little like
David Kong: Right. Can we pointed features on the small map.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's good question.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: That is a good question. Hold on.
David Kong: Look like you can
Timothy Sackton: I mean just
Eric Rosenbaum: And the drawing tools don't work on those things. I don't think either
David Kong: Oh, that's nice. So there's a bridge. I just zoomed in on the map. There's a bridge over the you draw
Timothy Sackton: I drew that. Yeah.
David Kong: Really good.
David Kong: Really great guy.
David Kong: I see a little
David Kong: A little village over the thing into the wall.
David Kong: You all
Mike Sackton: Me I think going in.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should
Mike Sackton: Try and find the Torben entrance. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, which means entering from entering the area from the side. So that's what I was just
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could go into this first valley. Look at the stream.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cross it go up over the mountains.
Eric Rosenbaum: Into the second value from the summit.
Mike Sackton: Should we go up over. I can't point on the map up from like the left come in from the left.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's exactly what I'm trying to suggest, because I think it from what Tim described what we're seeing in front of us is valley, but it's not the one containing ravens old it's one, right, left.
Kate Sackton: Left West
This valley so
Timothy Sackton: You have paths Valley Raven Tools.
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: going west to east
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There's a valley in between.
Okay.
David Schwartz: Let's
Mike Sackton: Go into that valley and go up the side of the mountains there. Got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: What time is there no
Timothy Sackton: mid morning say 10 o'clock.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're, we're going to go off road.
Eric Rosenbaum: Off trail, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So let's head for the stream and follow the stream. And if there's something terrible related to anything ever
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Heading along the sort of edge of the planes, a sort of bit of the rocky slope.
Timothy Sackton: It's. It is very much a dramatic change in in topology. Right. So there's you're pretty much walking along, sort of gentle hills and that
Timothy Sackton: Behind you. The mountains rise quite steeply quite fast. So it's a very cliffy face but these these valleys that sort of cut through where streams flow down are so there's sort of a lot of Cliff edges here.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a bunch of rocks and sort of
Timothy Sackton: Almost
Timothy Sackton: You know what look like they could be glacial erratic or something like that. It's mostly the sort of
Timothy Sackton: Various kinds of loose stone and
Timothy Sackton: Kind of
Timothy Sackton: boulders and stuff, the soil here is obviously not super good. So some sort of screen just bear slopes.
Timothy Sackton: Takes you, you know, a little not very long. Maybe half an hour to sort of walk towards the stream and as you're approaching the stream you do seek or you do notice one thing that strikes you a little bit odd, a giant
Timothy Sackton: What looks like almost
Timothy Sackton: I forgot what you call the liquid volcanoes erupting they throw off those big like big chunks of lava that solidify them land as a boulder.
Timothy Sackton: Volcanic a rata erotics or whatever. Right, so big, like sort of clearly volcanic rock about
Timothy Sackton: 300 feet before you get to the stream, roughly, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there any volcanoes do right
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: How could that possibly have gotten here.
Kate Sackton: cataclysm
Kate Sackton: Isn't there a giant cataclysm
Eric Rosenbaum: But far far away from here.
Mike Sackton: How long can we tell how long it's been here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll investigate. I'm going to go up to it and scratch and sniff.
David Schwartz: What does it look like this is not will be asked him, but like
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
David Schwartz: Did it hit the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. And how long has it been there and everything.
David Kong: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Investigation
Check seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Adding your stone cutting bonus
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the stone converters.
Timothy Sackton: That you add twice your proficiency. So add another plus two to that to your role.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I accidentally rolled twice. So we'll take the first one I think.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so that would be 22
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Okay so investigating. It's a couple of odd things
Timothy Sackton: It seems to have been placed here. It definitely didn't land here with a thud.
Timothy Sackton: You also notice on
Timothy Sackton: On the boulder sort of
Timothy Sackton: Faintly on the backside where you'd have to search to look for it. I'm a dwarf and runes.
Timothy Sackton: Indicating the number 2300
Eric Rosenbaum: What does that mean 2300
Timothy Sackton: Are clearly somebody placed this folder here.
Timothy Sackton: As a
Timothy Sackton: Post that most people would walk past, but only those attuned to the oddity of the geology, like, you know, a geologist lead seeker would notice
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that like I would it be like a numbering, a time a year, a distance.
Eric Rosenbaum: myeloma. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we're directly above a part of the long road that we didn't know existed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm also
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking around at the other
Eric Rosenbaum: It rata. Is this an area that glaciation actually occurred.
Timothy Sackton: I never decided if there were a gracious in town. But yes, I think it would have actually been an area where glaciation occurred. I mean, the river valleys are glacially carved
Eric Rosenbaum: Hence the steepness of the size
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: The steepness right
Eric Rosenbaum: So the those weird big rock scattered around arrived.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the ice, so to speak.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
This one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cannot have come through ordinary means out of the ground and arrived, where it is now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, without some assistance to
Eric Rosenbaum: What it was, was an arena.
David Kong: 23 2321 years it took
David Kong: Me years in
Timothy Sackton: The year 211 after the Great War.
David Kong: I'm
David Kong: Always urban civilization and tell her.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, depends on what you mean by civilization else thousands of years.
Timothy Sackton: Many multiple thousands of years. I mean,
David Kong: How old is charting
Timothy Sackton: You are back in high school we messed around a lot with time travel. So I can't quite remember exactly.
Timothy Sackton: The details but
David Schwartz: If we were at the end of the third each, and I feel like the 38 was a couple of thousand years alone.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, but the time scales that we made up in high school are all super too long to be reasonable. So probably compress those all by
Timothy Sackton: 50% or more
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me know.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we're copying token.
Timothy Sackton: And token made up pages that were way too long to be reasonable. So
Timothy Sackton: Right. But certainly, humans have been
Timothy Sackton: Around for a few thousand years at least an hour longer
Timothy Sackton: Towards longer right all the firstborn were elves, dwarves half length lizard folk stone barn were all created before the humans were so they've all been around longer than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rooms indicating the number they written in a is there like a distinction between ruins use for renick magic and ruins us to, like, just like mark something this is number
Timothy Sackton: They're not real. Nick magic there there are just standard marketing rooms.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely is a distinction
David Schwartz: Where, how the rocks like this within sight.
Timothy Sackton: There's no other. Wow.
Timothy Sackton: Actually you you're not really the one I would say seeker makeup Perception check also adding your stone cunning, but with well be assisting you can roll with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so thanks to the advantage. That's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's look together will be
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: You got a little distracted by just classifying all the rocks.
Timothy Sackton: And while being sort of its keeps saying like, let's find. Let's see if there's anything weird and you do your sort of going in a bit of a circle kind of looking around and
Timothy Sackton: A few hundred feet away. You do find not a volcanic rock, but a very nice piece of granite, that seems to be
Timothy Sackton: One side of it seems to have been
Timothy Sackton: Like polished or worked a little bit and the runes for 2100 are etched into
Mike Sackton: It. The other one was 2003 or 2000 2300
Eric Rosenbaum: How far away is the 2100 is it 200
Timothy Sackton: A couple hundred feet.
David Schwartz: Elevation distance
Mike Sackton: A few hundred feet apart.
Timothy Sackton: Roughly
Eric Rosenbaum: And in what direction.
Timothy Sackton: I'm heading up into the river valley up into the valley.
Eric Rosenbaum: So so NE NE
Timothy Sackton: Ne roughly
Mike Sackton: Is there an interesting looking rock about 200 feet from here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's keep going. Love it.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, once you figure out the pattern. It's actually pretty easy to follow every two or 308 or some rock place that would catch your eye. That's a little bit
Timothy Sackton: Either
Timothy Sackton: Worked somehow or set a jar or
Timothy Sackton: Just slightly out of place that doesn't quite fit with the geology.
Timothy Sackton: And the
Timothy Sackton: markings are counting down, it's not always exactly 200 feet. Sometimes it will be 100 feet. Sometimes it will be 500 feet.
Timothy Sackton: But you can eat you can without too much effort and only a little bit of backtracking. You can follow this sort of path of
Timothy Sackton: Unusual stones that seemed to be leading up into the gallery until you get down to about 500 or so.
Timothy Sackton: Where
You
Timothy Sackton: At that point,
Timothy Sackton: You've been following the sort of left side of the stream.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of heading up the valley this so you're heading sort of North East the stream is on your right
Timothy Sackton: It's this is a fast running mountain stream and the and the path is getting a little bit steep going
Eric Rosenbaum: Up as well.
Timothy Sackton: It's, you know, it's strenuous climbing, although not Cliff climbing right you're it's it's sort of regular hiking. It's, um,
Timothy Sackton: You know, like a steeper part of the whites or something like that, um,
Timothy Sackton: And once you get down to about 500 or so.
Timothy Sackton: The stream.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of bears to the right.
Timothy Sackton: Into a
Timothy Sackton: A GORGE THAT
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you've ever been to the flume in New Hampshire. It's kind of like that. It's like steep walled gorge with the stream sort of cascading down through it.
Timothy Sackton: And there is a
Timothy Sackton: The last rock that you come to
Timothy Sackton: Sort of against the side of this
Timothy Sackton: This Cliff down to the number about
Timothy Sackton: What you would expect this would be around four or 500 based on what you were before. Instead of a number, it says enter
Eric Rosenbaum: Enter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well that's promising or I just want to pause for a moment Rizwan to ask if you know
Eric Rosenbaum: Of any local history of Warren cleanse among the dwarves, for whom such an obvious signpost might have been left as a D quarter trap.
Kate Sackton: No, we were this place from my from the tales that I heard in my youth is where we were.
Kate Sackton: You know, peacefully trading with men and peacefully connecting to our, our kin to the north via the long road was a prosperous prosperous time. I don't know of any
Kate Sackton: Reason that we would be
Kate Sackton: Having infighting between dervish
Kate Sackton: Readers of dervish
Timothy Sackton: The find that says enter is not like obvious it's hidden. It's sort of on another sort of unusual rock underneath it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, it's the same sort of thing.
Timothy Sackton: It's just instead of a number, it says enter
Timothy Sackton: For. It's not like
Kate Sackton: Yeah, he's just asking if we were trying to fake out any other doors.
David Schwartz: Check for credits.
David Schwartz: It makes me so happy just to say that
Timothy Sackton: Makeup Perception check
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: So, you know, it's
Timothy Sackton: As far as you can tell it's look at just a mountain stream that goes into a dark crack in the side of the mountain.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's tall shear sides and the the path becomes slippery as it goes along the edge of the stream. You can hear the echoes of the stream rushing loudly against the cliffs ahead.
Timothy Sackton: But there are no
Timothy Sackton: No traps that you can see
Eric Rosenbaum: Vegetation around. Oh, sorry. Go ahead.
David Kong: I know you guys
Eric Rosenbaum: Just going to ask about since we've
Eric Rosenbaum: Been warned about the water quality.
Eric Rosenbaum: To look at the vegetation. Also, any signs of like animal activity or birds, insects.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
David Kong: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Not a lot of veggie that there's not a lot of vegetation in general here up in the mountains. It's pretty
Rocky
Timothy Sackton: You know, it doesn't. There's nothing I mean the water doesn't smell bad. It seems clear and
Timothy Sackton: Clean running. There's no
Timothy Sackton: You know, there's no, like, sort of rotting grasses growing out of it or anything like that. It's just there's not a lot of vegetation that naturally would grow here so
Timothy Sackton: You know, there's definitely some like little like scrubs of tops of grass and things. And there's moss on the rocks that seems to be not
Timothy Sackton: particularly unusual like it looks normal.
Timothy Sackton: But it's not a
Timothy Sackton: bountiful area to begin with. And so
Timothy Sackton: That's a little bit hard to judge
Kate Sackton: Their visible opening. Did you say there's an opening like a crack
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's like a, it's like a gorge that runs into the site like I'm into the mountain. Basically, I mean it's open to the sky. It's a, it's like a canyon sort of
Timothy Sackton: On the edge of this of this sort of glacial valley.
Kate Sackton: Where the brush.
Kate Sackton: We think the gorgeous labelled enter. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Good. The horses fit through Tony's whatever we've got
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you know, if we have to leave them here.
Timothy Sackton: They could probably. I mean, they could, they could
Timothy Sackton: Certainly if they walked in the stream, they would be fine.
Timothy Sackton: It's not so deep or
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's like it's like it's like Lowes places in sculpture rocks rather rather cliffs come up on the side. Right. Like you could easily walk along the stream on the bottom. And there's a little bit of a path next to the stream.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pool. If
Timothy Sackton: It gets a lot tighter. They're not gonna fit but
Timothy Sackton: At least at the entry way they would fit.
David Kong: So seeker and wrestling is this
David Kong: You feel as though these are left's and these are marketing's that have been used for some time by your people. This is nothing, there's nothing nefarious here. This is just a
David Kong: guidepost to show you how to show you the way toward toward the Ravens hold
Eric Rosenbaum: Not sure. It could be
David Kong: Risen. What do you think
Kate Sackton: It doesn't seem nefarious know it seems welcoming
David Kong: All right.
David Kong: Shall we enter
Mike Sackton: Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't need to be careful about getting ourselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the water do we
Eric Rosenbaum: I still have at least one rabbit, Tony.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you still have to wrap up on the horse.
Eric Rosenbaum: One. Having been sacrificed in the recent
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you think about what the center said about the water. Do you think they meant this water. Do you think it's potentially harmful to us to wait into it.
David Kong: Oh,
David Kong: Is it does any, do you have any, do any of you have any skills and trying to detect if there's a question here.
Mike Sackton: Mean
Mike Sackton: With this show up as magical. Maybe you
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't know.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know
Kate Sackton: The rabbit.
Mike Sackton: Dallas. Oh, will
You know,
David Kong: Give me a few moments.
Mike Sackton: I can certainly walk
Eric Rosenbaum: While you're doing that, I will carefully scoop up some water in
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know, a little drinking vessel and said, just within the cage of one of the bunnies. It is
Mike Sackton: Just face out to be a good face light up and okay
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you don't you don't see anything magical here.
Timothy Sackton: At least not in the
David Kong: Can Can we all do like survival checks or something and just her Perception checks and just try to see if there's anything weird about the water like the smell different as. Is there anything about it. That looks unusual or corrupted
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can. Sure.
David Kong: For that be survival was them.
Timothy Sackton: I'm saying I'd say
Timothy Sackton: Nature.
David Kong: Damn it.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That's just pick two of you to do. I don't want everybody wanted
David Kong: I picked out with
Mike Sackton: A vote for secret dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I just skipped some up. So I'm looking at it as I feed it to the right.
Mike Sackton: I'm looking carefully with my face site if it matters.
Timothy Sackton: I just sent you a message on
Timothy Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: You sent me a message. Yeah.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There's yeah the water seems fine the rabbit laughs it up and nothing happens. You know, it smells like Clear Stream Water and books like Clear Stream Water, you know, as far as you can see from both your experiment on your poor bunnies and
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of looking at at it, it doesn't seem like there's anything unusual about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Previously unnamed rabbit. I now dub the taster.
David Kong: You can't. You can't, we can't eat it now.
Eric Rosenbaum: No sooner.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yesterday with us for the long haul. Now,
David Kong: Now,
Kate Sackton: We'll call them taster and tasty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hungry later.
Timothy Sackton: When you get hungry, it's for a web something
Timothy Sackton: You're fighting against
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that was what the first one was for
Timothy Sackton: That was the first one.
Timothy Sackton: So heading into the gorge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's do it safe enough
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Um, so as you enter
Kate Sackton: Not safe.
Timothy Sackton: It's really. I mean, it's really more a crack in the side of the mountain, but tall cheer sides going up and as you continue for 50 100 150 feet. The light becomes dim and faint as the ground isn't deep shadow here.
Timothy Sackton: It's actually quite cool and peaceful as the heat of the of the now noonday sun fades away and the sound of the rushing stream echoes loudly against the stone cliffs could almost imagine your, you know,
Timothy Sackton: On a nice picnic stroll instead of heading into
Timothy Sackton: Unknown dangerous from other planes.
Timothy Sackton: And as you continue walking the passage way gets narrower and narrower and the walls kind of closing overhead with the stream still
Timothy Sackton: Rushing along and the tunnel now feeling like a tunnel instead of a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of gorge.
Timothy Sackton: Closed to the sky above now.
Timothy Sackton: Dark
Timothy Sackton: Almost pitch dark just a faint echo of light from behind you.
Timothy Sackton: And at this point, you're can't avoid standing in the water. The horses can go no further and
Timothy Sackton: The stream now continues in this four foot tunnel heading into the mountain.
Mike Sackton: So this is still this is heading into the mountain on the other side of a spur and Raven horses on the other side of the square.
Timothy Sackton: You're heading directly for ravens hold
Mike Sackton: Right now, if you just okay just
Timothy Sackton: Take dead reckoning. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So plausibly. This is just a direct route into the Durban strong
Mike Sackton: But this is a different stream than the one, it needs a different stream coming into the map.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes, this is not the one that's a waterfall cascading down and that's flowing out of the Ravens whole valley.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nobody's had any of this water to drink. Have they aside from taster.
Mike Sackton: taster now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, we'll keep an eye on taster.
Mike Sackton: We have to leave the horses here, right.
David Schwartz: So yes, check to see if you develop the extra mile.
Eric Rosenbaum: Big nasty things I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: The horses cannot come with us here. Can they
Eric Rosenbaum: Kate meta game thing that was a funny thing that happened before in relation to
Eric Rosenbaum: Keeping the horses alive in a certain place.
Kate Sackton: I thought you guys might have had a history with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this is not so easy, a place for us to construct a temporary shelter for them. Is it
David Kong: Can we just tie them up.
Mike Sackton: I don't see what other
Timothy Sackton: Things you know that the entry way to the gorge is pretty
Timothy Sackton: Sheltered and they'd at least have water.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it seems like that's the best choice is to is to
Timothy Sackton: But no, you cannot build a Minecraft blockhouse here for them because it's all stone rocky ground you can't, it's, there's no dirt to shift.
David Schwartz: The Minecraft wall across the kids at the door.
Kate Sackton: Is there enough
Kate Sackton: for however long
Timothy Sackton: It would take a fair bit of time because before you can't
You can't
Timothy Sackton: Beaker can't use Mother Earth except on
Timothy Sackton: loose dirt or like loose gravel. So you'd have to, you know, sit there banging away on the stone to, you know, take off little bits of loose started gravel that could then be shaped
Timothy Sackton: It probably be spending most of the afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: building a wall.
Mike Sackton: I mean, they seem relatively safe here like it's not
David Kong: A lot
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I actually been unnaturally still you
Timothy Sackton: Know my
Thing moving
Timothy Sackton: Whether that means they're more or less safe is a little bit hard to judge, but they're probably not going to get eaten by a mountain lion or something like that.
Kate Sackton: Right. And they ran out of
Money.
David Kong: What what time of day is
Timothy Sackton: Your God for
David Kong: Yeah, exactly. I mean, it's, it's, you said it's like noon.
Noon.
David Kong: And and what what tell me yours it like how, what does the sun go down.
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: It's like, April.
Timothy Sackton: So just past the equinox. So like
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. I mean, you're pretty you're relatively far south so probably
Timothy Sackton: Fix, something like that.
David Kong: I mean, worst case we if we had to make temps up us without
David Kong: THEM. WE COME BACK BY TOMORROW out disappeared. Right. Like, we're not planning on
Kate Sackton: Her only way into the valley of ravens holders under the mountains that are leading into we could not be back to these horses for weeks.
Mike Sackton: Are we going to spend weeks and Raven salt.
Mike Sackton: When we die because we can't drink the water
Kate Sackton: Oh, I can make more water.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can
Mike Sackton: Oh that's useful.
David Schwartz: That's a great trick.
David Kong: It's very useful.
David Kong: Reason I
David Kong: Don't think we're planning on being here for weeks. I think
David Kong: My thought at least was and we should discuss but
David Kong: This is at least initially reconnaissance
David Kong: We want to try to understand
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: What's going on.
We can always
David Kong: I mean, how far are we right now.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry met again. Oh.
David Kong: Are we now from from ravens whole like
Timothy Sackton: As a crow flies like if you could just, you know, go up the class and over the mountain, you're probably you're less than a mile.
David Kong: Okay, we're very close
Nice.
David Kong: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you don't know how twisty and turny the passengers are but
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
Timothy Sackton: If this is actually the entrance to the door of an outpost. And if there's a relatively straight route. You're not talking even a day of just walking time
Timothy Sackton: To get there. Right. It's
Timothy Sackton: So close.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bruce A
Eric Rosenbaum: meta game. I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: There's been you can provide drinking water.
Eric Rosenbaum: To sustain say
Eric Rosenbaum: Five people in the rabbit. Yep. You
Kate Sackton: Got enough water skins for me to fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's amazing.
Kate Sackton: You guys back water skins.
Eric Rosenbaum: Course
David Kong: What adventure is wouldn't have water skins.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we didn't anticipate a massive light on the landscape.
Kate Sackton: Is the desert.
David Kong: All right, let's start with the horses and venturing outside the horses up in Ventura
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll take taster with us.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: You continue walking tie up the horses, you know,
Timothy Sackton: What other foods.
Timothy Sackton: You can provide there within each of the stream to drink.
Timothy Sackton: And head back into the the gorge that then becomes the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: As you continue
Timothy Sackton: As you continue walking the tunnel gets narrower.
Timothy Sackton: And now you're sort of walking through like a four foot high circle so
Timothy Sackton: Raise when seeker and well being are walking in and Kenzo and down with her sort of crouched over shuffling forward and the water level is starting to rise a little bit. It's also now pitch black. So, Kenzo and while we cannot see anything.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you can see fine with your dark vision.
Timothy Sackton: I'm the ceiling. Like, sorry. Go ahead.
David Kong: I was gonna say, Can we can we use some of our magic light stuff we've got a couple of those things right, you got like
Timothy Sackton: Your enchanted spearpoint that has continued a light on it. You could use that
David Kong: All right, I'll use that
Timothy Sackton: So the light of that never goes out. So you just have like a
Timothy Sackton: Lack. You know, how would you wrap around it and that shuts off the light you take that out and then it's going
Timothy Sackton: Cool. Um, so it's it's giving off the sort of weird.
Timothy Sackton: Echo a glow of because it's actual flame. It's just cold to the touching it can never be extinguished. So it's like burning underwater on this, on this well right on the top of the water on the spiritual
Timothy Sackton: And as you continue again for another 2030 feet or so.
Timothy Sackton: You get to a point where
Timothy Sackton: The water if you keep going any further is going to reach the ceiling.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
David Kong: Resilient. Do you have any way to manipulate this water is there a way to sever decent level or
Kate Sackton: I could move it out of the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: We want to proceed through
Kate Sackton: It. Do we want to try to proceed through it.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could move it out of the way.
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean,
Kate Sackton: I can direct it five feet in any direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonderful.
You're useful.
Mike Sackton: We have no way of
Mike Sackton: Telling how far it goes right
Timothy Sackton: You can i mean
Eric Rosenbaum: Do
You can
Timothy Sackton: Let's see. You can see 60 feet.
David Kong: Well, we're with like two very skilled cartographers
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong: Like when we have known how far we like, well, the
David Kong: Wind. Well, we have a sense of how far we've walked
David Kong: For like know exactly how far we want
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah. I mean, you've walked
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 200 feet right you have, you certainly come across the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, right. So,
Timothy Sackton: What you do notice though is that the tunnel seems to have a slight rise at this point.
Timothy Sackton: You're in. You're in a tunnel that is now completely constructed right it's not
Timothy Sackton: This is not unnatural formation or anything like that. And you can end the water. There's a little bit of of push against you, like there's some fair bit of current flowing
Timothy Sackton: Down, like you're on a bit of a slope and the waters flowing down and you can see
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 60 feet ahead. I'm
Timothy Sackton: Just at the edge of the range of your dark vision through the
Timothy Sackton: Through the water or something that's like glinting like metal
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: So this
Mike Sackton: 60 feet it's, I mean it's the waters fully
Mike Sackton: Filling that I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to it's fully filling the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you're standing right now like an area where the the waters like up to their shoulders of the
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: It was like well being, like,
Timothy Sackton: Standing on tiptoes
above the water
Timothy Sackton: And the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: That that thing that the tunnel is like sloping upwards.
Timothy Sackton: In such a way so that if you go further, basically, if you step further from here, the water level rises to the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: And 60 FEET AWAY underwater. You can see a green
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't
Mike Sackton: Figure out how that works.
Mike Sackton: Does the tunnel get
Eric Rosenbaum: Narrower.
Timothy Sackton: And it's kind of getting there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay sloping up at the ceiling is
Timothy Sackton: Not move
Timothy Sackton: Right. So the title is getting
There.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll use some words can use. I'm not sure if I should use my stone sense to try to see what that
Eric Rosenbaum: Clinton metal is
Mike Sackton: Well, how hard is it to
Mike Sackton: Women 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: Underwater how long how fire 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: Inside pool.
David Schwartz: So speed is half normal
Timothy Sackton: Yeah so swim.
Timothy Sackton: Speed is half normal move. And then
Timothy Sackton: With the current pushing. Are you against you.
Timothy Sackton: It would be
Timothy Sackton: It would be half again.
Timothy Sackton: So kinds of difficult terrain, basically. So if your move is 30 feet per, per turn, you're talking about it, taking 30 times
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: 66
Be like
Timothy Sackton: All right, 60 feet in return, because you can dash. So, so you're talking about, you know,
Timothy Sackton: You're talking about something like 30 seconds.
Kate Sackton: But when we get there, we'd be completely submerged against whatever glinting metal
Timothy Sackton: Completely so you can hold your breath for one plus one modifier minutes
Mike Sackton: Fate. Well, I
Mean seconds.
Mike Sackton: Minutes when puts your con modifier minutes
Timothy Sackton: That seems like your car or your car.
But modifier.
Mike Sackton: Let's take a long time.
Timothy Sackton: Wow. Once you get once you hit that time.
Timothy Sackton: You die in con modifier.
David Schwartz: I think it's because we all have local modifier some real life.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we're here.
Timothy Sackton: So you should be
Mike Sackton: Okay, so
Mike Sackton: Does somebody want to swim out and see what that thing is that was happy to give it
David Kong: Away doesn't Islam have the ability to just move this water away so we can not have to deal with that.
Kate Sackton: I cannot move us a path, all the way there.
Kate Sackton: But when we
Kate Sackton: Get there if we all want us to Emerson.
Kate Sackton: Said it. That's one to swim.
Kate Sackton: I could create a pocket of Bear. Bear.
Mike Sackton: Can you cast
Mike Sackton: The vowels with verbal, can you cast spells underwater.
Timothy Sackton: Let me check with this.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can, because it does not have verbal components that only has two components.
Mike Sackton: No, no, sorry I'm not talking about Kate spell. I'm talking about my spell.
Timothy Sackton: As long as it doesn't have verbal components, but
Mike Sackton: All spells have verbal components.
Timothy Sackton: No, they don't.
Mike Sackton: Almost all spells have verbal can put
Timothy Sackton: Almost asked about some verbal commitments.
Mike Sackton: So you can't cast a spell verbal components underwater really
Mike Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: I guess it depends on what you're trying to do.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to speak underwater and also hold your breath.
Kate Sackton: You could spend your last gasp to say, remember, and it would work.
Timothy Sackton: So, so it's a, I guess you could cast a spell, but it's gonna cost you some amount of air. Right, right.
David Kong: This is why you can drown wizards, just like the
David Kong: Push, push wizards into into the ocean. And then there
Kate Sackton: Are you wanting to spell cast
Mike Sackton: Well, it was more if I was running out of air. I could cast a spell to teleport 30
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim is they're designed to
Mike Sackton: Make it like ski.
Eric Rosenbaum: In in Jordan, you know, architecture of like a gated waterway or something that's actually used to trigger it seems odd. Like why would this be like this, you know,
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
David Kong: My, my, building on that question.
David Kong: Tim is
David Kong: That and this is for for seeker and respond to is this normal is just part of Dorman architecture or is it
David Kong: Or is this like
Eric Rosenbaum: Water than just filled in through
David Kong: Some other happenstance.
So,
Timothy Sackton: I mean both resident and seeker you have you know that, especially when you know there are various kinds of Torben mechanisms that exist that to herbs create to
Timothy Sackton: You know, make these sorts of
Timothy Sackton: Back entrances hard to access now.
Timothy Sackton: It's a little bit
Timothy Sackton: Odd that
Timothy Sackton: There's a tunnel that's completely full of water, because if you're trying to come at it from the sun. How do you do it right, but it's also, at least 100 years old. So if there's a magnet them broken somewhere something
Mike Sackton: Isn't this also the escape. I mean, the reason that exists. Yes, it's the way out.
Mike Sackton: But it seems bad to be running away from something and end up in the tunnel, full of water.
Yes.
Kate Sackton: Maybe if you open it from the other side of the water would just level out
Right.
David Schwartz: Yeah, there's a leopard or this is the mechanism people from going in. So
Mike Sackton: It's actually wait. You said it would take. We could swim.
Mike Sackton: 660
You can
Timothy Sackton: You can I am
Mike Sackton: 15 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So 30 seconds to get you to the metal, you can see
Eric Rosenbaum: What will be made an interesting point just now about it being the one way exit concept.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could imagine such design.
Mike Sackton: Right. It doesn't seem very challenging to swim there.
Mike Sackton: In 30 seconds if you have two minutes of air.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just don't know what's at the other end.
Timothy Sackton: And you can get back in 15 seconds because you're with the current and
Mike Sackton: I'll see. Perfect. I mean, it's already dealt with this happy to swim and investing
David Kong: Good dollars.
Mike Sackton: Somebody would rather
David Kong: What else, go for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tastes
Kate Sackton: Ahead and try and if you think that it means
Kate Sackton: You know, it's not obvious, then we can all go
David Schwartz: I hope slightly more moon.
Mike Sackton: With the
David Schwartz: Road cutting action, but I'm not that sort of the game, but I'm not keen if you're excited to swim up an underground water filled tunnel to an unknown danger.
Mike Sackton: What's your site. It's not the
Mike Sackton: right word, but it just seems like nothing to do
Eric Rosenbaum: With your
Eric Rosenbaum: Your ability to see
Eric Rosenbaum: Darkness, you have, say, okay,
David Schwartz: You should go.
David Kong: Tell us. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you swim up
Timothy Sackton: It's it's a bit challenging because the tunnel narrows to about three feet and you're against the current. But certainly, you know, takes you about 30 seconds and you spend, you know,
Timothy Sackton: 10 seconds or so, looking around and what you see at the far end is
Timothy Sackton: So there's
Timothy Sackton: There's water cascading
Timothy Sackton: From the ceiling.
Mike Sackton: Like when I get out the 60 feet that kind of goes up.
Timothy Sackton: So when you get out to 60 feet. Yeah, so that the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: There's like a big there's like the tunnel. So there's. Let me just describe it in full before just going to see there's a metal
Timothy Sackton: Door thing that's like a steel plate that's diagonally across the the
Timothy Sackton: Tunnel like this, right. So you swim up there's metal that goes diagonally from the floor to the ceiling. Um, there is a, ah,
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: A chain thats
Timothy Sackton: hanging on the wall.
Mike Sackton: Them before I swim up. Can I cast them a chant and bring it with me.
Timothy Sackton: Sure.
Timothy Sackton: Um, and then the so there's a metal plate diagonal a metal plate that's cutting from the floor to the ceiling. There's a chain on the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Like a loop of chain that goes in one part of the wall and comes out another part of the wall and then above you, the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: Turns straight up and there's water pouring down from the ceiling hitting this metal plate and turning down the the tunnel that you just so
Mike Sackton: Does the metal plate look like it used to be in the ceiling and it
Mike Sackton: Wouldn't cover the whole
Timothy Sackton: Um, no, it would not cover the whole
Mike Sackton: Right. Can you go. Can I go, it is ego past like the metal plate is
Mike Sackton: Is like it's diagonally from Florida ceiling covering the whole way forward or can I go
Mike Sackton: Yeah, systematically
Timothy Sackton: Like it goes into the it goes into the ceiling, like there's a groove along the ceiling and it the metal is sort of extending into the ceiling and the same thing on the floor. There's like a groove along the floor.
Timothy Sackton: And it's extended to the floor.
David Kong: But this is all architectural is what we're saying this.
David Kong: Is designed this way.
Mike Sackton: So,
David Kong: You're in a design.
Mike Sackton: In depth.
Or
David Schwartz: So,
Mike Sackton: So if there's something
David Schwartz: That's just
David Schwartz: So you have a horizontal tunnel, we're in it over here, presumably if it continues past this V shaped thing.
David Schwartz: Then you have a D shaped thing water comes down and hits it. So yeah principle, if one could do like, you know, you could flip. Pull the V shaped play up one might be able to continue along the tunnel or cut off the water flow or
David Schwartz: More maybe down this way.
David Schwartz: Reverse it or
Mike Sackton: Does it look like would actually cover.
Mike Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Now, it could cover the whole if you could, but it's but it's not
Timothy Sackton: It's not flush with the ground, it actually is. Seems like it's sliding into a groove in the floor and sliding into a groove in the ceiling. So it's like it extends into the ceiling it into the ground. So you can't like you can't
Mike Sackton: Move it right but it's big enough to was all I was asking. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: It's big enough.
Mike Sackton: And there's a chain and the chain is in
Mike Sackton: The wall or the
Timothy Sackton: Or the metal chain and
Wall.
Timothy Sackton: That comes out of a hole in the top and that goes down like this and then goes back into a hole in the wall.
Mike Sackton: And the working up it goes beyond 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: I just looking up, you can just see into the water is just coming down, you can
Timothy Sackton: You can just see into the murky.
Timothy Sackton: Dots wet well above. Yes.
And
Mike Sackton: Does it try to think we do here.
Mike Sackton: Not really sure. You could knock on a piece of metal in here. If there's something behind it underwater.
Eric Rosenbaum: You've been holding your breath for a long time.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, this is all this is all just one second, it takes a long time to describe something that
Timothy Sackton: You still have, you still have, like, a minute and 15 seconds, though, you're not in currently any danger of drowning.
David Kong: I mean, doesn't that sound like something that the doors, come look at BECAUSE THE DOORS KNOW THE STUFF.
David Kong: And they're gonna be like, oh yeah, we should. This is a classic, classic Dorman design. Pull the chain.
Mike Sackton: Is there any
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm not gonna pull the chain. But is it there's slack on it, right. Like if I it's not Becker.
David Schwartz: Is that you're saying there's tension, there's tension in the but here's the question. I really have is the change fixed because I can imagine a scenario in which you know there's 60 feet of water in the ideas you go and you pull yourself up and out of the water through this chain.
David Schwartz: Conceivably, you know,
Mike Sackton: The chain is like
Mike Sackton: It's coming out of the wall and then goes back into the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: So it's like part of a wheel base like you can imagine it being on like a big circle and it's behind the wall. But if I just, if I pull it very if I just hold it lightly and just kind of it. It's it has some slack right like it's not
Mike Sackton: Your head against the wall.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, that's it feels like there's some resistance.
Timothy Sackton: Right, it's like
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, we're trying to move it. I'm just if it doesn't go this way does it go in and out against the wall, it's not
Mike Sackton: Tie you can go to war.
Timothy Sackton: Against the wall. It's not tight against the wall.
Mike Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: I'd say, pull it and let's see may chain can't go through solid things
Mike Sackton: Misty step can't go through to get go to unseen places.
Mike Sackton: Correct. Fortunately,
Timothy Sackton: You had dimension door. It would be trivial.
Mike Sackton: All right, I'll swim back
Mike Sackton: Okay and describe
Mike Sackton: Best
David Kong: Secret in Roseland IS THIS A TYPICAL urban feature and
David Kong: A stronghold, or what what is this
Kate Sackton: I have not gone through a passageway like this, but it sounds. Brilliant. I want to go see
Eric Rosenbaum: Sounds like you might have some insight into how this mechanism works. My guess is that if he pulled the chain.
Eric Rosenbaum: That panel would retract and then the way the water is being redirected would change in such a way that either you could simply walk through the passage or we'd all be suddenly drowned. One of those two things is likely the outcome.
Mike Sackton: So do you think that this is an exit and entrance, or both.
Kate Sackton: Enter.
Mike Sackton: It didn't say enter on the outside. That's true.
Mike Sackton: So it's
Mike Sackton: Probably not designed to
Mike Sackton: kill anybody who comes through it.
Mike Sackton: It's not like a one way it doesn't seem from the stones that we encountered before that. It's like a one way exit where the ideas if you
Mike Sackton: touch something on this side, you're going to die. And you can only come out.
Eric Rosenbaum: In fact, those distance markers suggest. Yeah, that it's a secret entrance for people that know just of its existence. But otherwise, not very many details coming perhaps from far away.
Mike Sackton: Right, people who want to come to the dwarves without bothering with the humans.
Mike Sackton: So it could be as simple as pull the damn cheap.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's worth a try.
Kate Sackton: That everyone has if we pulled the chain. There could be more water and we would not be able to breathe.
David Kong: That feels like a legitimate concern that I have not trying to draw. I don't know about you all, but I'm not trying to drown in this case.
Mike Sackton: As the tunnels been slowly getting narrower right
Mike Sackton: Yes. How far back, would we have to go for the water to only be up to like our knees.
Timothy Sackton: So if you go back about 200 feet, um, you're out of the tunnel. That's where you can see sky above. But as soon as we entered tunnel. It was or maybe 200 to 200 and 250 feet, you could pay us back and measured exactly if you want but
Timothy Sackton: When you entered the tunnel. The ceiling was about four and a half feet. Okay.
Mike Sackton: And it's been
Timothy Sackton: Gradually dropping to about three feet where it
Mike Sackton: goes completely underwater. So if there's a huge rush of water, we just hold their breath and get swept out to safety.
David Kong: Yeah 200 feet, not far that's like
Mike Sackton: That's all.
Mike Sackton: It's not far now.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a really excellent water slide.
David Kong: Yeah, will be
David Kong: Will be fine. You'll be fine if it floods full
Mike Sackton: Who's gonna pull the chain, probably a dwarf should do the honors. Right.
Kate Sackton: Well, the chain. Can I pull the chain.
Mike Sackton: Go for it.
Kate Sackton: I want to put this chain.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you went up.
Timothy Sackton: Or really, honestly.
Timothy Sackton: Box up because you're in heavy
Timothy Sackton: Armor and
Timothy Sackton: You're actually
Mike Sackton: Your cod might even be better than plus one, you could maybe hold your breath for three minutes.
Timothy Sackton: And you get to the chain and you start to pull on it and there's definitely some resistance. So you're gonna have to make a strength check
Timothy Sackton: What is your con, by the way.
Kate Sackton: Plus one.
Mike Sackton: Famous as me.
David Kong: Though
Timothy Sackton: Not a strength save
Timothy Sackton: Just a straight strength jack
David Kong: I don't is
Kate Sackton: There was a thing that says, strengthen I clicked it
Timothy Sackton: Now, I guess it's the same thing. It's at the very top.
David Schwartz: No, no, I think something to reroll
David Kong: Yeah, I think he needs to reroll as well.
David Schwartz: No.
David Schwartz: Man it was something else. Actually, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
Timothy Sackton: You you pull on the chain and it's it's it takes, it's
Timothy Sackton: It's definitely stuck like you can feel that starting to move, but it is clearly, um, you know, gotten rusty or gotten
Timothy Sackton: You know, a
Timothy Sackton: You know, just in the, in the time of that you know that has been submerged in water like some mechanism but you can feel pulling on some mechanism. It's, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Definitely something supposed to be moving and you, you keep pulling and it's been now about a minute.
Timothy Sackton: A minute and a half and you just
Timothy Sackton: Jump up and try and jump down just putting the full weight of your armor and everything on it. And suddenly, something
Timothy Sackton: Shifts like some rust got free or something and it's been
Timothy Sackton: Two minutes and the metal plate just slides into the floor.
Timothy Sackton: And as you're on your like last breath of air.
Timothy Sackton: The water.
Timothy Sackton: In the tunnel just rushes down and the end you're now looking at a waterfall that's going straight into the floor.
Timothy Sackton: And the metal plate is has slid into the into the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a ton of way ahead of you, or there's something past
Mike Sackton: How is the
Mike Sackton: Where's the water going I didn't quite picture that
Eric Rosenbaum: Straight down
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so the water is going straight down the plate slid down into the ground. There's another hole in the floor ahead of you.
Mike Sackton: On the other side of the plate. Okay, fine.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, miss.
Mike Sackton: I miss ya head bed.
RAY RAY RAY
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Make a constitution saving throw
Timothy Sackton: Yes. So you managed to grab like golf down air before you
Timothy Sackton: You know, lose consciousness or suffer any ill effects from pulling spending so long, pulling on this chain to try and get it free well underwater and not able to breathe and are sort of
Timothy Sackton: leaning against the wall. Gasping as the rest of you see
Timothy Sackton: Feel this sort of current of water rush past you, and then see the tunnel ahead of you clear of water and see raise when I'm leaning against the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Holding on to this supporting yourself with this chain and you're looking at a waterfall, as I just described with the water ahead of this metal plate falling into the ground.
Kate Sackton: You can go ahead and presume that's how it needed to happen, but I also could have just cleared myself some air. Whenever I realized it was going to be difficult got out my tools and solve the problem without nearly drowning.
Timothy Sackton: Why I'm
Timothy Sackton: With shape water.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you could, I mean there's water pouring in. Right, so you can move water aside and then like
Timothy Sackton: A millisecond later more waterfalls, then I don't think you could clear every sink water.
Timothy Sackton: It can't like hold
Timothy Sackton: Water around, but you can't shape water into a solid form that doesn't
Timothy Sackton: Like you can't make a wall of you can't make a wall of water or something. You can't like
You can make
Timothy Sackton: You could make ice that's true.
Mike Sackton: Anyway. Anyway, it doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't matter.
Mike Sackton: So let's keep going.
Mike Sackton: Presumably, it's easy to jump over the pole.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks for that was amazing.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: The tunnel continues now at about three and a half, four feet sloping up a narrow
Timothy Sackton: Straight quarter that
Timothy Sackton: You know, that's
Timothy Sackton: Long and you know just continues on into the mountains for
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a quarter of a mile or something. It's, it's your single file. Those of you who are Kenzo and and down with are sort of hunched over moving slowly in this conditions.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: It's a bit hard to judge Justin's but it doesn't seem like you've gone that far when it begins to turn in a slow spiral sort of turning like this like a standing like a corkscrew for
Timothy Sackton: For a while, probably 3040 minutes of kind of going up. Not really making any forward progress East but but making progress heading up
Timothy Sackton: And at the top of this spiral. There's a long straight slope.
Timothy Sackton: And the tunnel becomes round, so the the
Timothy Sackton: Floor now slopes up into almost a perfect circle and it's bit it's smooth.
Timothy Sackton: And polished
Timothy Sackton: And as you can go up this round slope, you eventually come out into a small chamber.
Timothy Sackton: With a
Timothy Sackton: So it's maybe a 10 by 10 room.
Timothy Sackton: There is a
Timothy Sackton: Almost like a, like, I don't know, a guard chamber or something. There's, there's some sort of rusty broken stone.
Timothy Sackton: Like bits of stone scattered around. There's a rusty lever.
Timothy Sackton: There's a sort of sat near one wall and then there's a
Timothy Sackton: trap door in the ceiling with us with stairs that lead up along the wall to the trap door.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's one. Any thoughts on what that lever might do for us.
Kate Sackton: I mean, one can always one can in some circumstances, just pushed a trap door up but there's a lever.
Kate Sackton: Don't know why there's a lover.
Eric Rosenbaum: So is this room defending a place for a guard to defend against entrance
Eric Rosenbaum: In the direction we just came, or is it defending
Eric Rosenbaum: From something else or in a different direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it might be that the lever lowers the gate or something into this room. Is there any sign of that.
Timothy Sackton: There's no sign of gates or anything around here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a slot in the ceiling or something.
Timothy Sackton: Please for Jane older
Kate Sackton: To fall out of. I mean, rounded floors make these
Eric Rosenbaum: Like dirt holes in the walls spike whole floor.
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception check
Eric Rosenbaum: Automated multi seminar device.
David Kong: Oh yeah, we're all very
Timothy Sackton: Nice. So there is
Timothy Sackton: So on the opposite wall of the
Timothy Sackton: The wall that sort of opposite where the passageway came in. So there's when you come into past events as a while you're looking straight ahead at the lever is sort of near that wall. There's sort of rubble on the floor.
Timothy Sackton: And then the stairways are stairways to your left, and the the trap door is in the top left corner.
Timothy Sackton: There is
Timothy Sackton: You know, some
Timothy Sackton: So you see sort of in the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Like a
Timothy Sackton: Like some faint like seems on the ceiling like something might drop down from near where the lever is
Timothy Sackton: There's also
Timothy Sackton: Some faint seems in the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Like maybe there's a some kind of secret door here or something like that. Like, it's like you're running your hand along it, and there's like a little bomb that seems to be not natural. And then you move on.
Kate Sackton: Was the disguise thing, the thing we wanted the trap door is the trick or is the trap door the safe way out. And these lever is the bad thing that we want to avoid.
Eric Rosenbaum: Reasonable question.
David Schwartz: discern any way to open the secret.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it look like the lever might be coupled to the trap door up above or do something else. Or we can tell
Timothy Sackton: You can't really tell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which one do you think we should with over lever, a little bit just to see if it moves, you know, just get a feel for it.
Kate Sackton: Was pretty excited about the chain, but I'm not so keen on lover.
Eric Rosenbaum: No. Okay.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I guess we listened carefully each we engage the levers slightly we could see whether it seemed to be doing a trap door mechanism or a
Kate Sackton: Creepy crack mechanism.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if one person just wiggles. It just fractionally while everyone else puts their ear to the wall or floor in different spots. Maybe we could hear where the coupling is
I mean,
Mike Sackton: We could just all hide somewhere and open the web or with me chance
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, that's an interesting thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dealt with
Mike Sackton: Like what's the worst that happens.
Kate Sackton: Is the thing that comes out is room sized and there's nowhere to hide.
Mike Sackton: Can we wait. So we came up to this room. We were, we came out.
Mike Sackton: That we spiraled up and then just like is there a door behind us, or
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There's status that lead up to a trap door. The only exit the only obvious exit from this room, besides the tunnel, you came, it came up is the stairs that lead to a trap door.
Mike Sackton: No, but if we go back into the tunnel.
Kate Sackton: It is true.
Mike Sackton: Like, how big is the room.
Timothy Sackton: Is the room is about
Timothy Sackton: Eight feet by 10 feet.
Kate Sackton: Was it kind of pipe shapes with the room isn't pipe shaped or
Kate Sackton: Is a room also pipe shaped, is it
Kate Sackton: Not okay but that
Was
Timothy Sackton: Not
Timothy Sackton: A room is a square is a square room.
Eric Rosenbaum: And small
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, small
David Schwartz: This this sketch map proves to be deeply insufficient.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you're looking to see if we're already on the map of ravens holds or of the doorman opposed to me.
David Kong: Isn't it's hidden exit relevant relevant
David Schwartz: Yeah, I mean, I think we're somewhere off the math and the left
Mike Sackton: Okay, so then
Mike Sackton: And
Eric Rosenbaum: There are two benches there.
Mike Sackton: There's a little bump. Is that what was opening the secret what we thought was the secret door.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. On the far wall, the opposite wall from where the that tunnel came up into this room so
Mike Sackton: Can anybody think of any information we could gather at this point that would give us more information that we have now.
David Schwartz: We can open the door and see what's on the other side.
Eager
Kate Sackton: wiggling listening idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's that. Also, I could just
Eric Rosenbaum: Tap with a tool on the wall to see if there's any hollow areas.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll do that. That's totally safe.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'm
Timothy Sackton: There is, there are definitely hollow areas, it seems like it goes as you go along the wall. It's like hollow not hollow
Timothy Sackton: Like where the seam is and then hollow again.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this, it is a door basically that confirms
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what are some Torben ways of accessing these seen this, just barely visible doors.
saying the word friend.
Timothy Sackton: Mean
Timothy Sackton: Usually there will be some sort of mechanism. Right. Unless that's magic.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so some doors would be opened by some sort of magical word or ruin, or something like that or key. But if it's if it's mechanical there would be some sort of mechanism, either in or obvious, but usually hidden
Timothy Sackton: But you didn't find any mechanisms, despite very careful searching
Timothy Sackton: I mean other than the lever.
Kate Sackton: isn't visible mechanism in a hidden door. It seems like you. You're not trying to go through the door.
Kate Sackton: It seems like it's a trick. They're trying to get you to pull the lever and accidentally open the door, you might not notice was there.
Kate Sackton: Whereas if it was a there was no visible mechanism because mechanism was hidden, but there was a door, and we were trying to open the door, we would be looking for hidden mechanism.
Kate Sackton: But since the mechanisms hidden. That's why I don't trust mechanism is visible but the doors and that's why I don't trust lover.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or whatever. It could be a trap. I mean,
Mike Sackton: I think the levers a trap to open the
Mike Sackton: Open the trap door and
Mike Sackton: poison spike second have fallen or headers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Says something from up above.
Kate Sackton: You think delivers
Kate Sackton: kept open the track.
Mike Sackton: Track
Timothy Sackton: Directly underneath the top of the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Right so stairs go up then throws a trap door above the stairs.
Kate Sackton: Or we can shove the trap door open.
Kate Sackton: Basically
Mike Sackton: Where we we could wait. Press the little button ready
Mike Sackton: Is there a mechanism.
Kate Sackton: Now,
Mike Sackton: What do we
Eat
Mike Sackton: I'm confused. Did we find that
Timothy Sackton: You spent a long time searching and did not find
Timothy Sackton: Any mechanism.
Timothy Sackton: To open the door.
Mike Sackton: OK, so the door.
Timothy Sackton: Like to see that of the door. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And there's like
Timothy Sackton: Maybe some sort of mechanism, some door on the ceiling as well like like this door, whatever it is, this part of the wall has some sort of hidden door and there's like a little bit of the maybe a hidden trap door in the ceiling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, so there's a second invisible trap door in the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: It's maybe part of like sort of connected to the
Timothy Sackton: Like right above where the hidden door is there's like that seems sort of extends onto the ceiling.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's its overall shape is it rectangular
Eric Rosenbaum: Extending
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so it's like a, it's like a theme that goes up like this to the
Timothy Sackton: To the wall.
Timothy Sackton: And like that along the ceiling. Just a little ways
Eric Rosenbaum: To be like that so
Kate Sackton: But through something really big and dangerous.
David Schwartz: And purpose of this room have though.
David Schwartz: The purpose of the room, though there is a way for people to come from the outside into it.
David Schwartz: It seems like the main purpose would be to allow people in the fortress to evacuated.
David Schwartz: And it seems strange to me that you would evacuate by jumping down through a hatch in the ceiling and walking down a flight of stairs, you know, rather than having a
David Schwartz: Big door you can walk through
David Schwartz: Other that's also weird to me that it's hidden. So I'm not sure how far that thought actually takes us
Kate Sackton: Why do if you can walk you can jump down through the trap door and run down the stairs and then trigger mechanism that will slow down your enemies behind you. Anyone following him. He writes
David Schwartz: Oh, that's a good one. Maybe it's a self destruct lover.
David Kong: Let's see. The odd thing is though. Remember the stones that we saw they were counting down towards this and it said entrance. So this is also supposed to be away it
Mike Sackton: Doesn't just figured out
Kate Sackton: Entrance it says enter
David Kong: Enter.
Kate Sackton: As in, like, you know, yes you are close to a way to enter, but not as they're like, hey, yeah. This is the main door going this is normal entrance
David Kong: I don't know. I mean their number there are numbers counting down
David Kong: From the outside to this.
David Kong: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could have been later.
David Schwartz: We really needed one character who's just totally impulsive in the party at this
Eric Rosenbaum: I haven't even started analyzing the geological
Eric Rosenbaum: Properties of this room so
David Schwartz: Oh yeah, can you talk to the rocks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, well the that's an interesting question.
David Schwartz: Oh god.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's funny you should mention. No, just kidding.
Timothy Sackton: 40 minutes later.
Eric Rosenbaum: That does reflect a common misconception about the nature of geological practices.
David Kong: straight up and down just like let me know you
David Kong: Guys figure this out.
David Kong: takes a nap.
David Kong: Rests
David Schwartz: Let's try the chapter in the ceiling of the stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: So somebody just push on it.
Kate Sackton: I agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll go and test it.
Timothy Sackton: It pulls down
Timothy Sackton: And as it as it pulls down against the wall. There's a ladder that sort of slides down behind that sort of an extending ladder and up you can see up into a passageway.
Timothy Sackton: That continues East
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, I wonder what's behind that secret door then which must be below this passage way.
Timothy Sackton: What's the passenger
Kate Sackton: And being nasty. We didn't want to find out about let's go up the ladder.
Kate Sackton: Right to get into this fortress.
Eric Rosenbaum: Two horses are waiting for us. It's true.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm. We don't need to explore every room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, we continue
Timothy Sackton: Okay. OK, so the passage way is wider here wide enough for two doors to walk a breast, so you don't have to go to single file, it's still dwarf height so Kenzo and
Timothy Sackton: Dial with are still having to crouch a bit, but it's a bit higher. It's maybe four and a half feet, instead of three, four feet, maybe five feet. So you're just kind of hunched over, not so much. You know, completely
Timothy Sackton: Uncomfortable as before.
Timothy Sackton: And it continues for for a good while maybe another
Timothy Sackton: quarter of a mile or so you so you're feeling, you must be getting know if you add up all the distances in your head, you're feeling like you must be getting close to the other side of this for of the mountain.
Timothy Sackton: And as the passageway begins to widen and
Timothy Sackton: Sort of get a little bit taller, like a more comfortable passageway. Um, you can see a large pile of rubble blocking the passage ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: So let's go see a
David Kong: Senior
Eric Rosenbaum: If there's a clue as to what caused the rebel to be in that location in the first place. And I might be able to clear it away.
David Kong: Yeah, it's gonna say, can you just move that
Eric Rosenbaum: Much Iris
Timothy Sackton: So make a make an investigation check
Timothy Sackton: You got to look around. There doesn't seem to be an obvious cause and as you like, go to
Timothy Sackton: sort of move the rubble around and see what you can find your hand goes straight through the rock like it's not even there, and you find yourself feeling along the floor of the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: Like everywhere you touch. It's like there's no real ball there at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's an illusion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Timothy Sackton: Seems like it. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, but it could be the kind of illusion that masks a trap.
Eric Rosenbaum: I step back away from it.
Eric Rosenbaum: How can we find out what's
Eric Rosenbaum: Behind this illusory wall of rubble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Without simply walking through it.
David Kong: Well, we do have a taster.
Stroke the rabbit defensively.
David Kong: Don't you have that that that disk.
David Kong: Seeker. It's just push the discord and push it through the wall. See what happens to it.
David Kong: Or can we just throw some objects through this wall.
Timothy Sackton: That the desk is their mobile when it's within 20 feet of you.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's sort of follows me around.
Eric Rosenbaum: I get
David Kong: You know, pulled the staff out of I could throw my staff through the wall and see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or if anybody's got some gravel or sand or something they could toss just to see if it
Eric Rosenbaum: Just to see if there's floor there.
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't have 1000 ball bearings
Kate Sackton: You have 1000 ball bearings. I was just thinking I can
Kate Sackton: I'm glad check a ball bearing or two in that direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's just see what happens. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Nobody stood on them. You know, I don't want to
Kate Sackton: Create hazardous train for anyone.
Timothy Sackton: You just hear the sound of them bouncing along the stone floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it might be perfectly safe.
David Kong: Feels like we should just walk through it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'll cautiously step through
Timothy Sackton: You step across the other side with no ill effects the tunnel continues.
Timothy Sackton: It just seems to be an illusion.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look back around behind me and
Eric Rosenbaum: When wonder what the heck they would do that.
Timothy Sackton: So from this side it looks like a caveman as well.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: There is here also an illusionary lever in the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Which is pointing down.
Mike Sackton: With there's a weather in the wall, which is a, you know,
Timothy Sackton: An illusion.
Timothy Sackton: Called the lever and run through the ceiling falls down. Anybody Jason. He was like, oh, the ceiling fell down.
David Schwartz: Oh yes that's what leverage it in the other room.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they ran out of the budget to make the real lovers. So they had to make fake levers.
Maybe
Mike Sackton: So let's just keep going.
Kate Sackton: Persistent ancient magic illusion really impressive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting point
Wonder how long it's been there.
Timothy Sackton: While seemingly the tunnel continues down now it starts sloping down gently.
Timothy Sackton: For another 500 yards or so.
Timothy Sackton: And the ceiling now has gotten higher to about five and a half the until you come to a blank wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's too bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guess. Let's turn back.
David Schwartz: Going through the main gate, after all.
Mike Sackton: Resumed is not an illusion.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, real black will not
Kate Sackton: How do we find the scenes before
David Schwartz: Search for hidden doors.
Timothy Sackton: Carefully, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception check
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't really matter what, to be honest.
Timothy Sackton: It takes you. It takes well be only about a minute to find a small
Timothy Sackton: Indentation
Timothy Sackton: To the wall to the left that has a little
Timothy Sackton: Little stone knob that you can wiggle.
David Schwartz: Go ahead and we good
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: As you wiggle this door knob, the blank wall in front of you. Slides open
Timothy Sackton: Right, you're still holding who's
Timothy Sackton: Your who's in front, his back and who's holding the light
Kate Sackton: The light is shining spear right
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what Tim asks when they continue down the quarter and it's
David Kong: Well, obviously we're in
David Kong: We're in the most advantageous order for whatever is about to happen. That's, that's the way that's the answer.
Well,
Kate Sackton: I'm interested in this mechanism that well be found. So I'm right next to him.
Timothy Sackton: In the front
Mike Sackton: Is maybe 10 steps back just kind of watching
Eric Rosenbaum: A one.
Mike Sackton: I'm in between standing guard.
Mike Sackton: fully prepared to attack whatever comes
Mike Sackton: Unable to be surprised.
Mike Sackton: Expecting terrible things
Timothy Sackton: The door slides.
Timothy Sackton: Slides quietly open as you as you wiggle this lever. The wall kind of clicks a little bit and you can just sort of gently push it as it swings open
Timothy Sackton: You are looking
Timothy Sackton: Into a
Timothy Sackton: While raise when you can, you are looking into
Timothy Sackton: What seems like what was once an underground
Timothy Sackton: Cool or
Timothy Sackton: Pond, or something like that. So you're looking, there's a there's a
Timothy Sackton: Raised area in front of you. That's maybe
Timothy Sackton: 1020 feet wide by 40 feet long and then to the left diagonally to the left and the average of the right on the ground slopes down and there's sort of shallow walls that shallow
Timothy Sackton: Was that sort of slide down towards some murky water at the bottom, but it seems like one point, the water level with much higher
Timothy Sackton: The cavern that you're looking into itself is quite large. Maybe 100 feet across. So resilience, the only one who can see to the far walls and there's a sort of a walkway along the edge that goes all
Timothy Sackton: Around at
Timothy Sackton: As the door slides open
Timothy Sackton: He
Timothy Sackton: You also see
Kate Sackton: There's a wide Insula directly ahead through the middle. But it doesn't go all the way across and then their paths along the edges that do go all the way across.
Timothy Sackton: Now there's one that goes all the way across this way straight and then around the sides right so it's like there's a two separate pools.
Timothy Sackton: This way, this way pathway that goes across pathway that goes around the side
Kate Sackton: When it's across
Timothy Sackton: As far as I can so ceiling is much higher here.
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe
Timothy Sackton: 50 feet up like this is a big cavern.
Timothy Sackton: As he sort of taken this underground grotto pool area, you also take in that it has been just
Timothy Sackton: Crashed there's like
Timothy Sackton: Lots of of
Timothy Sackton: Refuse piled up around, there's
Timothy Sackton: No, that's a straw sort of laid out, there's
Timothy Sackton: Piles of
Timothy Sackton: You know, bones, kind of scattered around like from small animals and things like rats.
Timothy Sackton: And you see
Timothy Sackton: On this platform that you're standing on
Timothy Sackton: A
Not a dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: But a creature that's roughly the size of a dwarf.
But with
Timothy Sackton: Like she has like shocking white hair and
Timothy Sackton: black nails and sort of gray and purple skin that looks bruised and she's getting on with two other three other creatures. She's sitting on like
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't call it, you couldn't really call it a throne. It's a
Timothy Sackton: It's a pile of stones basically that have been just piled up to form a chair and she's sitting and she's kind of has long fingernails and she's sort of sitting like this and as as the door slides open, she jumps and
Timothy Sackton: Is like
Timothy Sackton: Sort of looks at you in this
Timothy Sackton: Kind of
Timothy Sackton: Shocked way like almost like how did you appear and she
Timothy Sackton: There she says, and sort of broken Corbin, and she, she's like her fingers are sort of shaking and she says this in her
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: Dropping
Timothy Sackton: You know, clicking and sort of hissing a little bit. And she turns and looks over you in this sort of very uncertain way and just like points.
Timothy Sackton: Where
Timothy Sackton: Where did that come from.
Timothy Sackton: And then, as she is motioning you start these other creatures that look like her are starting to move around in a circle in front of you. Oh, man. You can see now in the distance that there's many more of them. Maybe 15 or 20 sort of
Timothy Sackton: Brought out in the shadows near the edges of this pool.
David Kong: She's speaking to urban or is that
David Kong: Alright, so we only only verse Linda and oh do I know Jordan.
David Schwartz: I'm still right next to the mechanism. So I'll just quickly say the others like let me know if you need me to wiggle it but
Kate Sackton: I am deeply unnerved by the creepy appearance of this dervish creature. And so my instinct is to is to reach for a holy object that I have with me and speak of prayer to protect myself from the undead to
Kate Sackton: To cast undead spirits away from me. I know all of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm dead. Does it seem like that's what these are.
Well,
Kate Sackton: It comes to me. I don't know, but is
Eric Rosenbaum: The male's the bruised skin. The white haired could be
Kate Sackton: I try it because I'm creeped out.
Timothy Sackton: Not on dead.
Kate Sackton: Not dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: She got any visible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Middle that she's wearing
Timothy Sackton: She is. Let's see. She's wearing leather armor and
David Kong: I
Timothy Sackton: Know,
Timothy Sackton: no obvious metal I
Mike Sackton: Guess.
David Kong: I sort of lean over to the doors to learn and to seeker and say,
David Kong: Are we fighting or talking
Kate Sackton: You surprised she doesn't know where we came from.
Kate Sackton: That's all I got.
Timothy Sackton: She's holding a quarter staff in one hand, the other ones. The
Timothy Sackton: Wow. Do they have metal
Timothy Sackton: I'm that one of the ones that is
Timothy Sackton: That is next to her.
Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Is is wearing
Timothy Sackton: Wearing metal armor and has like a is sort of reaching for a BB spear that's leaning against the wall.
Timothy Sackton: As they're starting to kind of move move in your direction.
Mike Sackton: How many are there.
Timothy Sackton: Well, there's four of them here.
Timothy Sackton: But in the shadows, you know, around the edges of the pool, there seem to be
Timothy Sackton: More
Timothy Sackton: There's four of them up on the platform next to you.
David Kong: Feels like we can talk our way out of this might be good to try that first. Yeah, see,
Eric Rosenbaum: So let me maybe make a peaceful overture.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hold up my empty hands and say we came from south of here and we come in in in peace and mission of
Eric Rosenbaum: Inquiry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like
Timothy Sackton: You and she gets up off of her what passes for a throne.
Timothy Sackton: And as as she is sort of
Timothy Sackton: You know, getting up you can see around her. There's like this is like sort of a living area like living quarters, like there's a
Timothy Sackton: There's a chest. That's kind of shoved into one corner and there's sort of a small covered area that has a, you know, not a bad exactly but like a pile of straw that's been sort of pulled together into, you know, some sort of sleeping area.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a little bit of like a sort of cooking eating off the side too. And she moves. She gets down off of the throne and sort of moves sort of quickly tell she's right up in your face and she like lick sir finger and then holds it up doing, she says.
Timothy Sackton: From
Timothy Sackton: Our side.
Timothy Sackton: She like looks horrified at the thought.
Timothy Sackton: But why here.
Timothy Sackton: She like reaches with her nail and sort of
Timothy Sackton: Not quite touching you. But like
Timothy Sackton: Moving moving it through the air like near your forehead.
Timothy Sackton: My
Timothy Sackton: Kingdom. Why you
Timothy Sackton: She licks another finger.
Timothy Sackton: Not outside as
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: We
Mike Sackton: We are solid dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you see.
David Kong: Maybe, maybe asked her if we can pass
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, that's a very good idea. Um, yeah.
Kate Sackton: We're happy to leave if we just go around the
Door.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are on a quest of healing we've noticed some problems with the local water supply, and we would like to pass through covered
Eric Rosenbaum: And and
Eric Rosenbaum: We ask nothing of you but safe passage
Kate Sackton: Utility
Eric Rosenbaum: The municipality will send you a bill shortly. Yeah.
David Kong: Can you give her a gift. Can we give her a thing like that, you know, dwarves like rocks.
But he's no
Eric Rosenbaum: Different I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: Buy things from the mall creature, but they want. They don't want that.
Timothy Sackton: She's sort of like kissing to her alphabet.
Kate Sackton: There.
Timothy Sackton: Like a what a ball bearing
Timothy Sackton: And she's like, like flicking her tongue every now and they're like licking the Angie's
Timothy Sackton: Passage maybe yes
Timothy Sackton: But must help us first
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, of course. We can help you. What, what, how can we help you
Timothy Sackton: She likes spins around and sort of walks back to her throne gets her staff and sort of taps it on the ground and then but picks up
Timothy Sackton: Like a piece of sort of chalky white rock that next that's next to her throat and she sort of licks it and looks at it and says,
Timothy Sackton: Can you fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: We, we do have the ability to defend ourselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: At times of need.
Timothy Sackton: Then
Timothy Sackton: You will help us. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Come
Eric Rosenbaum: I turned back to the other.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not sure which is asking us to do here but involved, citing
Kate Sackton: Think secret just hire dishonest mercenaries. Come on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's go.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong: We were fighting for them. These are these
Words.
David Kong: These words.
Timothy Sackton: Are not
Kate Sackton: Dad, what
David Schwartz: Are they
Eric Rosenbaum: They're dwarf sized speaks word fish and look very strange.
Mike Sackton: Is she looking at who she's talking to. It doesn't look like she can't see.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting question.
Timothy Sackton: I know she is looking at who she's talking to
Eric Rosenbaum: And she held up a piece of chalk.
Kate Sackton: He tasted a piece of chalk.
Mike Sackton: Yes. Is it
Mike Sackton: I mean it's dark in here, except for the light that Kansas carrying
Timothy Sackton: Pitch Black and White that Kansas carrying. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is our is their natural Chuck
Eric Rosenbaum: Formation likely in this area.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean, there certainly like chalk. It wouldn't be totally unreasonable that there is a piece of chalk around but that seems more like something that she found her scavenge him somewhere then like something we just fell off the Cameron wall.
Right.
David Kong: But just back to some more fundamental questions. Who are these, what kind of creatures are these coming up. We all can we all do some kind of a wonderful check to
Mike Sackton: Kind of help.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So I would say
Mike Sackton: I've ever seen them something, anything like this before.
Timothy Sackton: You've never seen anything like this before.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo wouldn't have
Timothy Sackton: Either
Timothy Sackton: You actually Kenzo making our kind of check
David Kong: Nice. No, I know. I know where things
David Kong: I know organic things
David Kong: Come on.
David Kong: Good raw
Yeah.
David Kong: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK.
Timothy Sackton: So you think about it, and you can't imagine
Timothy Sackton: It like this. Does this are not creatures that you have seen
Timothy Sackton: Anytime before like this is not, these are not things that are particularly familiar to you, but you are sort of thinking now about sort of lore that you've read and things you've read of, of, you know, creatures that are
Timothy Sackton: dwelled deep underground. So not dwarves. But, you know, not not creatures created by the Divine that created by other
Timothy Sackton: Other forces underground and there's a lot you know this fits with what you might expect of the sort of
Timothy Sackton: You know, strange things that are
Timothy Sackton: Found deep under the earth and I'm also typing something to you.
Okay.
David Kong: Randomly for everybody, the image that in my mind that I have for this creature is is that from the Dark Crystal, you know, the
David Kong: Cobra Audra
David Kong: That that's
David Kong: What I have in my mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was. Yeah, it fits. I love that.
Eric Rosenbaum: She's kind of like purple with scraggly hair and
Eric Rosenbaum: Over croon yeah
David Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: She's one I think.
David Kong: She does she like takes out and looks at stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David Schwartz: Oh yeah, that's a horrible.
David Schwartz: Regret searching for that.
David Kong: Oh, you're not seeing the Dark Crystal shorts.
David Schwartz: Not really, really love to
Eric Rosenbaum: Do some amazing all
David Kong: You all should watch. Have you seen the new Dark Crystal.
Mike Sackton: Know now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Watching
Eric Rosenbaum: The first episode or two of it. I wasn't like totally blown away by it's not the same. Yeah. Did you did you enjoy it.
David Kong: I did I not very cool.
David Schwartz: I find the design so much more disturbing now than I did as a kid.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's weird. It's kind of shocking that that is the children's
David Schwartz: Terry and I attempted to watch the labyrinth, and we got like five minutes into it. No, this is too scary.
Eric Rosenbaum: We, we actually watched
Eric Rosenbaum: Movies are so important is
Mike Sackton: Kind of scary.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love that stuff. But yeah, it's like, how did we think that that was okay for a second graders or whatever back then.
Eric Rosenbaum: So good.
David Kong: Oh geez.
Timothy Sackton: Cuz he got a good role, um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so are you following
Timothy Sackton: This this creature is sort of tapping or stopping patiently.
Eric Rosenbaum: What, what are we okay what are we gonna fight.
Timothy Sackton: Y'all see
David Kong: What
Eric Rosenbaum: She's perfectly trustworthy to me and
Eric Rosenbaum: We can always we can always run away and pull the lever on our way out, if we need to.
David Kong: Actually Wait can I, can we do the time I'm going to do the thing
David Kong: Kim. Can we, can somebody do something like sense evil type shit.
David Kong: Tim, can I do, what do I do. Oh dude, I'm going to do Sol site.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that's a good idea.
David Kong: Hell yeah, it's a good idea.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta read that again.
David Kong: She's thinking, I think, you know, you should look at your character sheets. There's like stuff that we can do.
David Kong: Levels and stuff.
David Kong: When you gain levels you get like more abilities and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, there's, there's all these things.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, so, ah, so what you get by what you get is
Timothy Sackton: Ok basic emotional state. Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Um,
David Kong: I do I spend one key just to do the basics of just like understanding their emotional state there.
Timothy Sackton: Any key that's
Timothy Sackton: The key, if you want to. That's what I was just checking if you want to know whether it's affected by magic know whether it's affected by poisons or diseases and no its resistance is immunities and vulnerabilities.
David Kong: Right. But can we do like like looks like the, you know, I feel like Kenzo is good at this type of thing. Like, I guess it's perception, but it's also like an insight. What's like that. Like, is this person evil and trying to kill us versus like
David Kong: Inside trustworthy and
Timothy Sackton: John insight checks on somebody who you're, you're, you look at your soul so
David Kong: I already have plus five insights. I get even more advantage. I'm going to incite inside the shit out of this like
David Kong: Wow. Let me roll my thing. Give me something good.
David Kong: Nice.
David Kong: Is she trying to kill us.
We've been
Timothy Sackton: Twice and take the higher one
David Kong: All right, first one so that 20 okay
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so as you as you sort of turn and look at her and concentrate with your
Timothy Sackton: Ability to perceive beyond the
Timothy Sackton: Beyond the normal
Timothy Sackton: You can see, you know, this is not a
Timothy Sackton: well adjusted or
Timothy Sackton: particularly nice creature, but
Timothy Sackton: She really does seem to want you to do something.
Eric Rosenbaum: And doesn't seem
Particularly
Timothy Sackton: I want to say it doesn't seem dishonest because she seems slightly paranoid and crazy but um
Timothy Sackton: You don't get the sense that she's leading you into a trap or something like that.
David Kong: Good enough. That's fine. All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: She's my new friend right
We didn't pass
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: OK, so I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me grab it again. Okay, so she she leaves you then down the sort of central passageway like tapping her staff as she goes. And every now and then turning back to look at you and
Timothy Sackton: Show like sort of suck on our teeth a little bit and just kind of top top and whenever she glances towards Kenza with the light, she she like shines away and just
Timothy Sackton: Put that out, muttering under her breath on
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Central passageway sort of there's a slight rise like a bridge goes over water that's flowing in between the left hand pool on the right hand pool and you can see as you're passing through here, the
Timothy Sackton: You know, there's probably 30 of these creatures kind of scattered around this room, sort of, mostly huddled along the edges of the
Timothy Sackton: Of the floor and seem to be
Timothy Sackton: All kind of looking at you as you go past just just you know 60 eyes just kind of staring watching your every movement glinting in the darkness as you walk past and like every time she taps her staff on the ground like everybody immediately.
Timothy Sackton: Turns to attention there.
Timothy Sackton: And you you cross across this this passageway and come to the far side of the cavern.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see
Timothy Sackton: There's so the the walls extend to the left of the right and you can see in the distance, there's sort of an open area.
Timothy Sackton: To your left and then a sort of open area.
Timothy Sackton: Right, and then ahead of you. There's a huge cavern.
Timothy Sackton: Opening up
Timothy Sackton: In the
Timothy Sackton: Let's see about 40 feet ahead of you, and
Timothy Sackton: There's a few more of these of these creatures kind of
Timothy Sackton: Standing around that the sort of entry way to this huge cavern. And when she walks past
Timothy Sackton: They sort of all turn in and look at her and she
Timothy Sackton: They're gonna kill it.
Timothy Sackton: You back. They'll kill it.
Timothy Sackton: And she wears you forward.
Timothy Sackton: And just points into the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: Of this huge massive cavern in front of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
David Kong: Why kill. What secret. What are we trying to kill
Mike Sackton: Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: You want to ask
Can you ask
Eric Rosenbaum: What is this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: That you want us to kill. Maybe we should talk to it first.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Does not speak.
Timothy Sackton: Just eats
Timothy Sackton: Eats us
Timothy Sackton: It says no more. You
Timothy Sackton: You will kill it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Does it fly doesn't have to
Timothy Sackton: Be where it's bite.
Kate Sackton: jumpy lying swimming
David Schwartz: That's what kills
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what, how can we hurt this thing.
Timothy Sackton: If I knew I would kill it.
Huh.
Timothy Sackton: As we go past
Timothy Sackton: Do not like it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it move quickly.
David Schwartz: You have used your 20
Kate Sackton: Bigger than a breadbox
Eric Rosenbaum: Could you draw a picture.
Kate Sackton: Are dealt with and secret and I getting any glimpse of this thing, and there
Timothy Sackton: You see, so I guess Brisbane is the main one, you can see that. So you're looking out here. Let me. So who's holding the light
Timothy Sackton: So,
David Schwartz: I'm going to look at torch also under way over there.
Kate Sackton: Will be
David Schwartz: In fact, I'm going to like to torches. So I've got one in each hand.
David Schwartz: And I think there's just a if we're going to speak Kevin to toss a couple out ahead of us.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: This is like
Timothy Sackton: It looks like a
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a former marketplace or something. This used to be the
Timothy Sackton: So you can see sort of in the distance. I don't know how many of you can see it because of the way but wrestling.
Timothy Sackton: And probably secret our can see like a building in the cavern, to the sort of North
Timothy Sackton: Sort of up in this direction, there's a
Timothy Sackton: What almost looks like a rock garden like a collection of of stalagmites that have been carefully.
Timothy Sackton: Shaped and twisted into into elaborate art over here surrounding a stone Dyess there's a ruins shops and things like that down over here and there's a bit of a path that you can see that perhaps at one point continued up in this direction swooping past the shops and then
Timothy Sackton: Foreign asking
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you're on the map.
David Kong: Yeah, yeah. I'll see that
David Kong: living space marketplace.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then there's the other one.
David Kong: The map Roseland your home.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, well, let's see what's here in the market with us. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Who wants to do what
Mike Sackton: It's
Mike Sackton: June, say, does it come from above, from below from the side.
Mike Sackton: Question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where does you
Timothy Sackton: Know, she's standing behind you and she's sort of like has her. She's like, tapping your fingers like this now.
Mike Sackton: So when it eats the people at eats does it come from, where
Timothy Sackton: You fight now.
Timothy Sackton: She likes starts shoving it. Those of you who are back.
Timothy Sackton: With the staff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, she she might be trying to simply give it a snack so that it's less likely to eat her folks, assuming it will lead us
Kate Sackton: Is he prefer if we kill it. We can otherwise. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose so.
Kate Sackton: When, when
David Schwartz: One of my torches just straight in front of us, as far as I can throw it.
Timothy Sackton: I like that idea. Okay, so like to hear or something.
David Schwartz: So I'm going to move up, you know, in line. Next.
Kate Sackton: Thing to hear because we're supposed to be able to see something on our screens, because I have a solid black area.
Yeah.
David Kong: You have to zoom in.
Timothy Sackton: I found it, you should
David Kong: Do that.
Kate Sackton: Okay. Oh, I see. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You should have a lot of white
Timothy Sackton: Like here.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, yeah.
David Schwartz: Whatever my maximum sort of straight ahead into the center of the Kevin throwing distances.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Let's throw a torch out there.
Timothy Sackton: I'll say to like right about there.
And
Timothy Sackton: See if that
Timothy Sackton: Works.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
David Kong: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
What the heck is that stuff.
Timothy Sackton: These are like stalactites first lag mites these things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm super interested in whatever that is, but it's obviously not the important thing at this moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: But those are sculptures essentially
Timothy Sackton: They're yeah they're, they're like dwarves and rock garden type thing.
David Schwartz: How high is the ceiling. Is it
David Schwartz: Within the
Timothy Sackton: The ceiling is
Timothy Sackton: Know it's probably 50 it's more than 40 feet up.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's something underneath this market marked on the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that the case.
Timothy Sackton: Something underneath what
Eric Rosenbaum: The market on the door of an app host drawing
Mike Sackton: Wait, are we sure where in the world.
David Kong: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And there is something marked underneath that
Kate Sackton: A good panel to a fault.
Timothy Sackton: Underneath it and then there's like
Timothy Sackton: Something. This is actually a
Eric Rosenbaum: Blue
Timothy Sackton: Dotted line circle as above.
David Kong: Can you should turn on some music.
David Kong: I just did.
Mike Sackton: So, I mean, what else can we do except kind of
David Schwartz: Can we listen. Can we hear anything. And he said,
Eric Rosenbaum: In the spirit calm calm.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can listen
Timothy Sackton: hear the sounds of water.
Timothy Sackton: Dripping in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: You hear some
Timothy Sackton: Footsteps behind you, as these dervish like creatures kind of all gather
Timothy Sackton: Sort of it but well behind you kind of
Timothy Sackton: A little bit of chattering and
Timothy Sackton: Sort of whispering and then every now and then that's yes
Timothy Sackton: Hissing from the, the woman who was talking to you.
Timothy Sackton: You hear
Timothy Sackton: The occasional
Timothy Sackton: Of bat wings in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise it is quiet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have some
Kate Sackton: Ruins of the buildings we provide us covers and maybe let's try to enter our way towards those
Mike Sackton: Here or here.
Kate Sackton: Isn't the first side on the left seem bit more intact. Right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, let's just go along the wall here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there's the roof of something over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we be trying to move quietly.
Timothy Sackton: Print anybody who wants to can can be stealthy. Yes.
David Kong: I'll be selfie.
David Schwartz: Obviously,
Mike Sackton: Not a bad idea.
I
Kate Sackton: Am little hope that I can be stealthy now is try
Mike Sackton: Stuff here stealthiest of us all.
Kate Sackton: Back disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Disadvantage on style.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Schwartz: Well, I guess I'm holding a torch that may limit my ability to be
Timothy Sackton: stealthy at all, Kenzo and
Timothy Sackton: And and our and well we just really can't be stealthy I'm holding a torch. Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: As well be begins to
Timothy Sackton: Move towards
Investigating the rocks.
David Kong: Dragon gold dragon.
Timothy Sackton: For some reason, my beyond 20 is not working for monsters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: glad he's mentioned monsters.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know at all, there wouldn't be monsters.
Timothy Sackton: There's no reason why
Timothy Sackton: You would think there were monsters.
Kate Sackton: Being city creepy Chocolatiers are not monsters.
Timothy Sackton: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, hold on. I've had this setup, but
Kate Sackton: Large red squid just appeared on
Timothy Sackton: Hey,
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Tangible comes flying out of the darkness from a
Timothy Sackton: Lag might and smacks you well be.
Timothy Sackton: Like a
Timothy Sackton: It's about 50 feet long and it has like a sticker sticky like pad on the end that just wraps around you and you are considered grappled
Timothy Sackton: And now you go initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or
David Kong: Where's the thing I don't see the monster on the screen.
Oh,
Kate Sackton: By the large rectangle behind the selectmen
David Kong: Oh, I'm not close enough.
Mike Sackton: Can't see you can't see.
Kate Sackton: I showed out it's
Kate Sackton: Behind that big rectangle behind this like my
Kate Sackton: Are
David Kong: Each each
David Kong: Squares five feet or 10 feet.
Mike Sackton: My feet.
Mike Sackton: So there's a tackle, like there's a visible tentacle going this
Timothy Sackton: Time to call wrapped around
Timothy Sackton: Initiative.
rather do that. Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you want to draw the tentacle in there.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good colors. Okay, good. Oh.
Man.
Timothy Sackton: His initiatives.
Timothy Sackton: He's
Eric Rosenbaum: Wearing middle just kidding.
Timothy Sackton: So I'm down with is up first. The tentacle is
There.
Mike Sackton: OK.
I will
Mike Sackton: I can see I can attack the tentacle
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Mike Sackton: Now I'm going to hacks. The creature
Mike Sackton: And then attack the tentacle
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: How sick is the tentacle
Timothy Sackton: It's thick and it is
It's
Timothy Sackton: So as you swing at it down with you. You make contact. But this is, it's almost like a stone. That's just sticking out. It's hard.
Timothy Sackton: And your sword kind of Skinner's along the side of it without
Timothy Sackton: Without doing damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that's it for your turn.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it is going to
Timothy Sackton: It is gone to Paul Welby
Timothy Sackton: 25 feet towards that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, gee.
David Kong: What the fuck is that
Whoa.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and then another 10 drill is going to fly out
Timothy Sackton: Hitting down
Timothy Sackton: So now you are also grappling
Timothy Sackton: That's when you're up.
Kate Sackton: I am going to
Kate Sackton: Cast
Kate Sackton: Guiding bolts to try to target. Right. Where is that where I can see it behind that.
Kate Sackton: Spot.
Timothy Sackton: So again, it's not moving, but as you
Eric Rosenbaum: Know,
Timothy Sackton: Send your
Timothy Sackton: Your bolt of energy, it just its entire body seems to be almost made of stone and the energy just kind of splashes harmlessly off of that.
David Kong: Like we need a smarter approach to stop the stone Enos
Timothy Sackton: Well be you are grappling
Not
Kate Sackton: Doing versus weapons.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry. No, you are restraint.
David Schwartz: Which means I can, I can only take like ungrateful actions, but not
Timothy Sackton: Not you can take actions.
Timothy Sackton: Your speed is zero.
Timothy Sackton: And your attacks have discipline.
David Schwartz: Can I regal my way free this thing.
David Schwartz: For attention.
Timothy Sackton: Attempt to escape, either with, let me just double check this. I think you can use whichever you prefer of acrobatics for
David Kong: Drink
Kate Sackton: Athletics. Good thing, not something
Timothy Sackton: Whoops.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, so I
Timothy Sackton: So it's, um,
Timothy Sackton: I just want to confirm this, but I'm pretty sure it's
Timothy Sackton: Mike, do you know the rules for grappling
Mike Sackton: Yes you grapple so you know it's incredibly frustrating. You know what I took
Mike Sackton: As my freakin potion.
David Kong: And rebel.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: But it takes 10 minutes it takes 10 why
Timothy Sackton: You can either
Timothy Sackton: Already acrobatics or strength athletics, whichever you prefer.
David Schwartz: Yes, I will take. I will use acrobatics, and I'm going to attempt to like
David Schwartz: Make my small self even smaller than I am and just sort of slipped out from this thing.
And again,
Timothy Sackton: Now it's despite your winkling you you feel like you get close, but it is still
Timothy Sackton: The stickiness of the
Timothy Sackton: tentacle is still wrapped around you.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Did you catch hold person.
Kate Sackton: I was trying to read hold person when it was not my turn. But I accidentally hit cast
David Schwartz: Or I think that's everything I can do something
Kate Sackton: Humanoid is my thing. Mike anyway.
Timothy Sackton: I'm reading it does not look like a human.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: I'm just reading
Timothy Sackton: But things that force that to make saving threads would not be a bad idea.
Timothy Sackton: Canada, Europe.
David Kong: What the hell am I supposed to do here.
David Kong: What the hell we're doing to get this thing, it's this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: You might try to free
Eric Rosenbaum: One of the guys from its tentacle just like
David Kong: How the hell do I do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like help wrestle them free.
David Schwartz: Only young
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can try and do that.
David Kong: All right, I guess I can get over to
David Kong: The other I get brought up.
Timothy Sackton: La use acrobatics to try and Winkle trade.
Timothy Sackton: So you'd have to use string.
David Kong: But I'm not very strong. Tim is
Mike Sackton: The thing.
David Schwartz: Help action.
David Kong: What does that mean,
Timothy Sackton: I guess that gets him advanced somebody advantage on their next whatever they want to do next.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I wish this person I told us something about what this was, I would have used freedom of movement.
Mike Sackton: At the immune to grapple that would be so you see
Eric Rosenbaum: She really didn't have very much useful to say that she
Timothy Sackton: Likes
Timothy Sackton: Sitting over in the back, watching this and sort of slightly chuckling to herself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unfortunately, it seems entertaining.
David Schwartz: Wait, so
David Kong: So everything that we're doing to attack right now it's just it's just turn into stone. And it's not it's not actually having a
Timothy Sackton: High armor class.
David Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just got strong skin or something. Does it seem to be literally stone like
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's stony it's hard to say. If it's literally stone, but it certainly until it until it tangible lashed out at looked exactly like us.
David Kong: All right.
I'm going to move over here and how
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna move on your panel just it. I don't know if it matters, but this thing has disadvantage on Decks checks.
Okay.
David Kong: I'm going to stand over here and try to help while we are here to help a doublet escape.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I'm okay seeker Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, well, I
Eric Rosenbaum: First of all,
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you drop us a line tight on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably not. No generally moulder it doesn't let me move solid stone or can I used to damage generally
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to conjure up my best image of delicious Kalamata fried calamari that hassling might enjoy and draw a tiny glowing picture of that in the air and toss it towards will be as bardic inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: To check off check off one of those things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where is that should there.
Eric Rosenbaum: So well the. Remember, you can use destruction potential protection or ingenuity in addition to the regular inspiration stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to try
Eric Rosenbaum: To use shapes stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can normally like make images or writing appear on the surface of stone. I'm going to try to make it appear. I'm going to try to draw on the body of the creature like on its arms.
Eric Rosenbaum: presuming that
Timothy Sackton: Maybe because it's all flash
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd like to draw a rune on its body that would harm it in some way, but I'm not sure which of my rune expels would actually accomplish that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I don't have a long time to think about this. I'll just default to to the first attack spell that I ever learned, which is thunder wave
Eric Rosenbaum: Which normally run around myself causes this explosion around my body. So I'm going to use my ability to shape stone to draw the thunder wave room kind of explosion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somewhere on the body of the creature
Timothy Sackton: You can't use
Timothy Sackton: You can't use it.
Timothy Sackton: Down to give thunder away about a 30 foot range that you can't change the range of spouse. Ah, by using
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that makes sense. What gonna be 15 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Cube in front of you, no matter what you do.
Timothy Sackton: They have to get close to it. If you want to find a way that
What's
Mike Sackton: What's this roof for
Timothy Sackton: This roof here.
Timothy Sackton: That's this is like a two story building
Timothy Sackton: With a so it's like
Timothy Sackton: Almost like an inner something that's built into the wall and there's, I mean this, it's more of us flat stone roof than a slant out how
Mike Sackton: High opposite
Timothy Sackton: To start to dwarf stories. So maybe
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man, I wish I could think of something that I could use molder to do to it. But I don't think that there is. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's no middle around it around its body.
Timothy Sackton: As soon as no metal on his body now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I in range to throw my throwing it at it.
Timothy Sackton: Now the range of your throne that is 10 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: 10 feet. Oh my god, I don't want to run closer to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure what to do.
Mike Sackton: Do you have any safer safer damage spells.
Timothy Sackton: Thunder wave, but you get close.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's a 15 foot cube around like centered on my body.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't have to be centered on your body. It's a 15 foot tube, starting from any square adjacent to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's different from, I thought it was
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I thought the same thing but but I actually looked it up.
Timothy Sackton: On the internet and it was very
Timothy Sackton: Clear that it's
Timothy Sackton: You can have it. You can have the
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it could be centered on your body, but
Timothy Sackton: It can also be
Like
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: This, this
Timothy Sackton: This like those three squares. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Going
Eric Rosenbaum: Out from your body. I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: You just have to be
Timothy Sackton: One edge of the square has to be adjacent to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh I see, I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I would have to go like here to hit it probably
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: You have to get fairly close to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they speed is
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could get like here say
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, but then if you thunder wave, you're going to hit down with and cancer, which you probably don't.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, if you go to here. You could thunder wave a cube here that goes up to their over there that would get this tend to fall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I a little bit protected by this rock here.
Timothy Sackton: I would say you have
Eric Rosenbaum: Half cover. Okay, I'm gonna go there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And do the thunder waves in this like it's basically centered here, right, or no. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So it would be this square square the square
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I see.
Timothy Sackton: Like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay I cast
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Botanical
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to cast my second level thunder wave
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I draw
Eric Rosenbaum: A spiraling explosion in the air thrust it into the ground and then a wave of sound and force emerges.
Timothy Sackton: This is a constitution. OK, so the the tactical
Timothy Sackton: Does not make it safe and
Timothy Sackton: Vibrations ring through this tentacle on it. You see cracks running along the tentacle, but it's not completely severed
Timothy Sackton: Definitely is damaged.
Huh.
Timothy Sackton: I think that ends. Your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes. Yes. Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, dollar
Mike Sackton: Disadvantage on attacks.
Timothy Sackton: Your disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Where I could try and escape.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo is helping you, if you try and escape. You have advantage on your acrobatics check
Mike Sackton: I think I'll do that.
Okay.
David Kong: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Wow, as you
Timothy Sackton: As you yeah
Timothy Sackton: As he wiggle.
Timothy Sackton: With the
Timothy Sackton: Tangible sort of shaking from thunder from the thunder wave and
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Assistance of cancer you slip out and are no longer grappled by this tentacle
Mike Sackton: I'm also going to use a bonus action to curse this free choice. My exploit curse.
Timothy Sackton: What's the range on that.
Mike Sackton: Well, it's 30 feet, but does tend to call count presumably
Timothy Sackton: Sure, yes. The technical counts.
Mike Sackton: And then
Mike Sackton: I'm going to
Mike Sackton: Really wanted
Eric Rosenbaum: It's definitely just just got those two tentacles and then it's out of tentacles. I'm sure at that point.
Timothy Sackton: It was very likely
Mike Sackton: This rock provide any cover this rock.
Timothy Sackton: Which rock.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that provides, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that would mean if you're sort of crouching down behind it that would provide some color as well. None of these are super tall rocks.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah
This thing.
Timothy Sackton: That's just a like three foot
Mike Sackton: Up Dyess. Okay. Yes, whatever. So then I'll move there and take partial cover.
OK.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so
Timothy Sackton: Now turn it drags Welby again right to their
David Schwartz: No.
Rights.
Eric Rosenbaum: For where the bites. That's one thing we did learn
Timothy Sackton: Doing
Timothy Sackton: 14 1940 points of piercing damage.
A 14
Timothy Sackton: As this giant mouth just appears and
Timothy Sackton: Chops down on you.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many pieces of, well, they are there now.
David Schwartz: I'm fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're great.
David Kong: And then really healed.
Timothy Sackton: Another tangible shoots out
Timothy Sackton: One two tendrils now shoot out one smashes against this rock. But the other
Timothy Sackton: wraps around and grabs
Timothy Sackton: Our again.
Mike Sackton: Wait to
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end up turn
Timothy Sackton: This when
Kate Sackton: I was feeling all disappointed that I couldn't be dealt with from the tentacle but i guess i guess i have another opportunity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you totally Dan
Kate Sackton: All right. Um, how far can move you can move that far can
Timothy Sackton: You can move 25 feet. It does this thing itself does not seem very mobile has not moved from where it is.
Timothy Sackton: In in combat with that.
Kate Sackton: Now,
Yeah, now I get it.
Kate Sackton: I am going to
Kate Sackton: Thunder smashes it, why not just brute force. So I'm going to grab my handy dandy more hammer
Kate Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: Just try to walk.
Timothy Sackton: Again, you hit it, but you're just
Timothy Sackton: Skins along the
Timothy Sackton: THE HARD STONE OF THESE EVENTS tendrils and
Kate Sackton: I asked Mike to that.
Kate Sackton: To increase the power of 10 is a hit or what do you mean
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Okay, well, you were saying, you said you did it. Okay. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: bonus action anything
Kate Sackton: Well then.
Kate Sackton: No, because once I'm close to it than it would if I move away from it, but I guess I can move kind of differently towards it. I can't move anymore because I already moved
Timothy Sackton: Think I'm sorry move
Again,
Timothy Sackton: Okay well be your turn.
David Schwartz: Oh,
David Kong: Get the fuck out of there, dude.
Eric Rosenbaum: See, you have the inspiration. Remember
David Schwartz: What guys the inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: The sex.
David Schwartz: And then was there some other inspiration thing we're saying
Eric Rosenbaum: So in addition to the regular inspiration rule, you can use the room that's currently floating around your head.
Eric Rosenbaum: To do an additional thing.
Timothy Sackton: Right. So if you use that for
Timothy Sackton: If you use it for your escape, that's a skill. Check your role at twice and you take the higher one
David Schwartz: So take advantage on the inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: It's like advantage on the inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: If it's for a ability check. Yeah. Nice.
David Schwartz: Cool. All right, here comes acrobatics.
Timothy Sackton: Are you gonna add your inspiration.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It did you say you could roll twice.
Eric Rosenbaum: A day
David Kong: Six.
David Schwartz: Together.
Timothy Sackton: Okay so leading and wounded from the the bite still grappling the tentacle you wiggle and
Timothy Sackton: cannot quite get free until this room that's floating around your head.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of gives you the final burst to just slip out underneath that
Grass.
Eric Rosenbaum: The sign of the calamari
Eric Rosenbaum: Are now free
David Schwartz: I have a number of questions for you at this point.
David Schwartz: Can I drop a torch here as a free
Action.
David Schwartz: Yes. All right. I will drop my torch here as a reaction. Same question is
David Schwartz: I am going to use my skirmish your reaction I can move up to half my speed as a reaction when an enemy ends. It's turned within five feet of you without provoking opportunity attacks.
David Schwartz: Which is
Timothy Sackton: So feature.
Timothy Sackton: Right. So I think that is not on your that's not
Timothy Sackton: That's when an entity.
Mike Sackton: You can't use reactions on your own turn
David Schwartz: You can only use it at the
Mike Sackton: End is reactions and other people's turns
Timothy Sackton: If it, if something moves the the ideas of something moves into your reach on its turn, then you can use your reaction on its turn to scatter Skinner away from that.
Timothy Sackton: But not if you are
Mike Sackton: It's not a free disengage. Can you take disengages of cutting action, though.
David Schwartz: Can
David Schwartz: You, but I can't.
Mike Sackton: You can disengage and move pending action in regular move
Mike Sackton: If your goal is to run away.
David Schwartz: It is, I just think I can't get far enough.
Mike Sackton: I could get behind the cover.
Mike Sackton: The best he can do probably
David Schwartz: Oh, I can get behind you all
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah yeah
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: You can get up there right
David Schwartz: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Good, yeah.
David Schwartz: Okay, coming action disengage and then move
Timothy Sackton: 25 feet is your speed.
Yep.
Timothy Sackton: So you could get behind that that select a
Older
David Schwartz: Remember,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Kenzo
David Kong: Watch. All I can do one of two things. Right now I can either sell side is fucking thing, try to figure out what it is I can learn how many hit points, it has, I can learn about its vulnerabilities.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong: Which may seems like that might be useful or I could just
Eric Rosenbaum: Be attacked the technical
David Kong: But something reasonably powerful
Mike Sackton: I would say that
David Schwartz: Yeah.
David Kong: So I was thinking two
Eric Rosenbaum: Rooms.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's good to hear that from the person currently grapple but
David Kong: Yeah, that makes me feel better.
David Kong: I will, I will let me see if
David Kong: I get some Oh actually, you know, what if I
David Kong: Can I bonus action Flurry of blows.
Timothy Sackton: Only if you if you take the attack action is your
Eric Rosenbaum: Main action.
David Kong: I see. Okay, so if I do the soul site.
Eric Rosenbaum: Action. Then I cannot
David Kong: Can. What can I do as a bonus action by
Five.
Timothy Sackton: Dash.
Timothy Sackton: Dash or disengaged or dodge.
David Kong: So that'll
David Kong: Protect me if he tries to technical attack me
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you could. You could dodge that spending a key, but you can dodge as a bonus action for sure.
David Kong: Can I, can I, what was it the thing he said I could do what's disengage.
Timothy Sackton: That's
Timothy Sackton: Where that's what I'll be
Timothy Sackton: Dead that's disengages just move without provoking opportunity attacks.
David Kong: Okay.
David Kong: All right, well, I will soul site as my action.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and
David Kong: And then
David Kong: Okay, so just so exciting. Actually, I get to know what's current hit point total
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you don't have to spend key for that.
David Kong: How many points is that
Timothy Sackton: 83
David Kong: Fuck.
David Kong: Wow points, Tim.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. You think we're actually going to defeat this
David Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we
Eric Rosenbaum: We might want to
David Schwartz: I mean maybe
David Kong: I hit it a little bit. We had it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Happen.
Mike Sackton: So we haven't hit it with an attack. We've only hit it with a thunder wave
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong: That's an attack.
David Kong: There are five of us. It can only do one thing, a term we got five
David Schwartz: more points than all of us probably but
Mike Sackton: It has more hit points. And I think for the five of us put together.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's probably
David Schwartz: I feel highly optimistic.
David Kong: You know, we have healing potions. Come on. We got all kinds of stuff. Alright.
David Kong: Alright.
Timothy Sackton: Run away.
Timothy Sackton: As you
Timothy Sackton: Move.
David Schwartz: Also, she's going to get what
David Kong: Can I do anything else, useful right now.
David Kong: After, after so setting it. Actually, why don't I, why don't I just been appointed key and try to figure out
David Kong: That says. Additionally, for each each point you speak Spanish part you can learn one of the following
David Kong: If the target is affected by magic, if the target is affected by any poisons are diseases or the resistance is immunities and vulnerabilities that the target. Can I should I should I should we learn about vulnerabilities.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm probably smart yeah did
Kate Sackton: I like that.
Mike Sackton: Sure, but yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's vulnerable to frost heaves
David Kong: It might be vulnerable to some like some element or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Does that
David Kong: Mean
David Kong: What do you think, what do you think
Deep down,
David Kong: It doesn't like poetry haikus we played some Stevie Wonder.
Timothy Sackton: It does not have any vulnerabilities or resistance is
Timothy Sackton: Its tendrils are immune to poison and psychic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: As Tim keeps pretending not to overtly point out is it cannot move
David Kong: Right well
Mike Sackton: I hope
Timothy Sackton: You're not sure, it can't move but it hasn't
David Kong: All right. Can I can't do anything else right useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right now.
Timothy Sackton: How is your action. No, you can't do anything useful.
David Kong: All right, I'm done.
Timothy Sackton: We've learned
David Kong: I shut that down to everybody at three points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got like the strength of seven men or something. Yeah, exactly.
David Schwartz: The life energy units.
David Schwartz: Five of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the
David Kong: The battle is just shouting
Run.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also find myself occasion a little bit distracted by the sculpture. So I'm just going to like look at one or two of them and see if anything identifiable appears, for example, any kind of clue that this thing that we're fighting was formerly one of the stocks I sculptures.
Timothy Sackton: Make an investigation jack
David Kong: Is this is primary move if he doesn't
Timothy Sackton: If you do it. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to. You can just glance quickly if you want but you know
Eric Rosenbaum: Like
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not investigating now.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm glad.
Eric Rosenbaum: My primary move. I think should be to
Eric Rosenbaum: Throw a healing glowing Kalamata drawing in the direction of, well, we
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me just do that really fast.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then as a bonus
Eric Rosenbaum: Who needs inspiration, the
Timothy Sackton: Word is a bonus, so you can't do that and inspiration on the same journey.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, weird. So I
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have a mean action remaining
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Investigation
Timothy Sackton: So,
How far away are you
Timothy Sackton: So it does, it does not seem to be
Timothy Sackton: Creative. I mean, these stalactites are, you know, all have been well many years ago were carefully shaped intended by the dwarves into, you know, twisting sort of art forms.
Timothy Sackton: This seems to have broken one off and then
Timothy Sackton: Sort of taking its place. So some of the like.
Timothy Sackton: Here is like scattered stalactites
Timothy Sackton: And use
Timothy Sackton: Looking at it, it has like little tiny sort of controls along its feet. So it's likely, it can move but Barry slow
Eric Rosenbaum: Where was the rebel. You mentioned
Timothy Sackton: Well I it's maybe slightly misplaced here. I'll move it into place.
Timothy Sackton: One of these sets of rocks was supposed to be.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, here this rumble right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cool. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The sky.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just remember, we need to do a really gigantic an extra special amount of damage to
David Kong: I will
David Kong: I'm going to do some serious damage to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And next focus on
Eric Rosenbaum: How
Mike Sackton: So this is like 10 feet high.
Timothy Sackton: This is about 20 feet high.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah 15 feet.
Mike Sackton: So from let's okay
Mike Sackton: I'm going to
Mike Sackton: I know this is a good idea, but I'm going to stop.
Mike Sackton: That worthwhile.
Mike Sackton: Speaks
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So it's a short word
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: That's right there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That's a good way to escape a
Grapple
David Schwartz: That was amazing.
David Kong: How do you skip it.
Mike Sackton: You see a Silverlight silvery sort of flash of light and dealt with just takes a step and ends up on the roof.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Pretty sweet.
Mike Sackton: And then I am going to
Mike Sackton: go a little further away from it.
Mike Sackton: Let's go.
Mike Sackton: To like let's see.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, my clicked the wrong button.
Mike Sackton: The range.
Mike Sackton: Of that has super range. I can go really far away from it. I feel bad or banding everybody there.
Mike Sackton: What
David Kong: What your why are you, Danny. Why aren't you helping us fight this thing.
Mike Sackton: I'm not running away. I have my, my, I'm not gonna go stand right next to it.
Mike Sackton: By I'll just blast as 120 foot range.
David Kong: Nice, nice.
Mike Sackton: So I can go, you know, oops.
Mike Sackton: There.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Without bonus and move. So you still have your action now.
Mike Sackton: Missy steps a spell.
Timothy Sackton: bonus action to cast
Mike Sackton: Misty steps a bonus action to cast. Oh, I didn't realize that I don't attack.
Timothy Sackton: But again,
Timothy Sackton: bounces off.
David Kong: No.
Mike Sackton: This is the problem. I don't think we can hit it. We're never going to do at three points of damage if we only hit one time in four
David Schwartz: I think we got it. I think we got it.
David Schwartz: I think we, we got to think positive
Eric Rosenbaum: See, he's got the inspiration. He knows what he's doing.
Timothy Sackton: He is the inspiration, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm saying he's not
Timothy Sackton: That far away from it. It doesn't matter if it takes you 100 hours last to kill it.
Mike Sackton: Well, that's what I just did.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: As long as the can't catch up to you. You could spend, you know, 20 minutes just potshots at
Timothy Sackton: Okay. That ends. Your turn.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: That tendril is gone, but
Timothy Sackton: For more tendrils fly out
Timothy Sackton: One.
Timothy Sackton: Hitting risk when
Timothy Sackton: One well Bay. What's your AC.
David Schwartz: 2015
Timothy Sackton: And then plus two for the cover.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so one bouncing off this
Timothy Sackton: This stalactite
Timothy Sackton: One.
Timothy Sackton: Kenza, what's your AC.
David Kong: Extent.
Timothy Sackton: One just flying pastor had as you slightly dodge out of the way and then seek or what's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, also missing seeker. So only wrestling gets hit this turn.
David Schwartz: Here's question though. Tim, just the tendrils bouncing off the selected right next to me as the enemy being within five feet of me at the end of his term.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Because because it doesn't stay there or it's just an attack.
David Schwartz: On the tenderloin itself back in, or something.
Timothy Sackton: Rails itself back. Um, and I think that's all I can do.
Timothy Sackton: Yep, that's all can do this wrestling Stern, you are now restrained and grappling
Kate Sackton: There is changing grapples means my if I didn't attack would be a disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: And your speed as
Kate Sackton: Well, that doesn't really matter to scope but
Kate Sackton: Since I spells are hitting badly enough, even if we're not at a disadvantage. I'm gonna have to try to break free. So
Kate Sackton: What is that just know
Timothy Sackton: Athletics or acrobatics, whichever is better.
Timothy Sackton: That is not enough to break its grasp. You guys are also rolling really terribly
Timothy Sackton: I don't think any of us old anything above a 10 this entire combat.
Mike Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: I wrote the I wrote up some few higher than 10
David Schwartz: Or 11
Mike Sackton: And away rather than 11 once
I'm
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Mike Sackton: Tina my grapple escape.
Timothy Sackton: So you are still restrained.
Timothy Sackton: So that's your action.
Kate Sackton: Alright. Well that was fun.
Kate Sackton: Next,
Timothy Sackton: You're gonna, I guess there was not much you can do a bonus action. Okay, well be your up
David Schwartz: Sorry risk when
David Schwartz: I think I gotta get more out of range.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, um,
David Schwartz: If I move back in this direction. Tonight get line of sight anywhere. Over here on the thing for a race.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: With the torch. It's pretty much lid off.
Timothy Sackton: If you're like,
Timothy Sackton: This you like
David Schwartz: To turn obscure
Timothy Sackton: If you're like here, I would say that's like right here. I would say as a pretty clear shot.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, right there as a clear shot.
Timothy Sackton: There's nothing really to hide around there, but you'd certainly get a clear shot.
David Schwartz: All right, I'm going to move
David Schwartz: Here.
David Schwartz: Here. Can I move even further and still get their shot like if I move
David Schwartz: Like that here say against the wall.
Timothy Sackton: How far back.
David Schwartz: Somewhere. Can you see my measuring thing.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I can see it.
David Schwartz: Yeah, like somewhere. Oh, no. It's here. So right
Timothy Sackton: There, I would say it would have partial cover.
Timothy Sackton: Up in here unless you get on the roof, in which case you wanted clear shots like up up here. It's pretty much always gonna have partial cover because just the positioning of these galactic as you pretty much have to be
Timothy Sackton: Like where Yeah, back there, you'd have a clear shot.
David Schwartz: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Move back to here.
Timothy Sackton: So that's your bonus action.
David Schwartz: Yep. And then I'll take a shot at this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bad. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Nice, nice. Ah, you do four points of damage.
David Kong: Maybe
Timothy Sackton: Okay comes away. Oh.
No man. I'm going to
David Kong: I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do a
David Kong: I'm going to do a fist of planar power.
David Kong: Which is a 30 foot range, but I can do it to the technical right
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes.
David Kong: So,
David Kong: Like, can I also similarly like you're saying if I wanted to get a little farther away from technical like is there a place that I can move. That's a look that's out of the range of the dude but still gets me the technical like if I'm like
David Kong: How do I click on the word
Timothy Sackton: You've, you've seen its tentacles reach about as far as this folder field.
Timothy Sackton: Here but not any further.
David Kong: So,
Timothy Sackton: Maybe this boulder behind you. But like
David Kong: I like
Timothy Sackton: That you're in is about as far as its tentacles.
David Kong: So if I even take like a step back.
Timothy Sackton: You probably need to take
Timothy Sackton: Three steps two or three steps back to feel confident
Timothy Sackton: Based on what and then
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong: And then still have still have space.
Eric Rosenbaum: To cuz like
David Kong: Or what if I go like here. Nope.
Mike Sackton: Move anybody who's trying to move away from it should move
Mike Sackton: South on the map down on the map.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to try and pull it towards the building.
Eric Rosenbaum: While it is
Mike Sackton: Getting away from you guys.
Timothy Sackton: So if you move. I mean, if you move while you're
Mike Sackton: Moving down
Mike Sackton: And it's moving up, it gets further away from you.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have a clear sense of exactly how far I
Timothy Sackton: Can draw. I mean, you know, a tangible went as far as this.
David Kong: Well, and also in front of me like one it right in front of me because
Timothy Sackton: One just hit you right so you're currently
Timothy Sackton: In the field you're currently 50 feet away from it. So,
David Kong: Okay, so
David Kong: My point is
Mike Sackton: If I go like over
David Kong: Here, then I can attack the tentacle
Yes.
David Kong: Right, so that's like $30 saying I should not go over there.
Mike Sackton: Well, you can't go out
Mike Sackton: You said this is 20 feet 10 feet 1020 feet up.
Yes.
David Kong: I'm currently every year.
You're currently
Timothy Sackton: I guess attack first and then moved, you know,
Mike Sackton: All right, let's see. Okay. I mean, you can move towards me. That's fine. I don't have to move it towards me. I just, I can for free, pull it towards me if I hit it, which I think would pull it further away, which might be useful is all
David Kong: All right, I'm gonna I'm gonna attack it from here, from where I am right now.
David Kong: Okay, so I'm gonna I'm gonna cast fist fist a planner power.
David Kong: Or use this power.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're
Timothy Sackton: As you like send this wave of blue for us. You just close your fist and just yank and this tangible splits in half.
David Kong: Well, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Wrestling is now free
David Kong: And how much damage.
Timothy Sackton: 17
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's use
Timothy Sackton: The tangible job. Now it's not
David Kong: Beautiful and it's not Scott what a 60 to
David Kong: 79 and I should 17 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
David Kong: Progress.
Timothy Sackton: Your turn.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well be hit it with a crossbow bolts are Kurt
Timothy Sackton: arrow, arrow, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: An arrow. The arrow heads are made of.
Mike Sackton: Metal
Eric Rosenbaum: Metal there's metal now inside of it.
Timothy Sackton: As I put a glancing blow. I don't think you did enough damage for the arrow tech
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so the arrow does not is not stuck inside of it.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe if he gets a sneak attack off that might stick
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
David Schwartz: I would have rolled a one on the damage.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it was a pretty low role.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, I'll give some Kalamata inspiration to risk when
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me check that off.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm just going to like
Eric Rosenbaum: Run over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually can I go that far. Shoot.
Timothy Sackton: You can go
Timothy Sackton: You can look like
Timothy Sackton: One square less than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Click here. Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: Can you should you have any range attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I didn't shave your cross ball.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do. That's true. And usually that
Eric Rosenbaum: Range is 80 feet. Am I at 80 feet.
David Kong: Yes.
Yeah 520
Timothy Sackton: Note that messes.
Timothy Sackton: Just bounces harmlessly clattering off its stone.
Timothy Sackton: Mm hmm. Okay down with your up
Mike Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: I am going to attack it. I don't have much else to do. I'll just blast.
Timothy Sackton: Cancer, did you want to move, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: And I, oh yes. Again, yep, that Mrs. I
David Kong: Forgot
David Kong: How many, how many spaces. Can I move again.
Timothy Sackton: Sex no more than that. Right. What's your move.
David Kong: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: 48 spaces.
David Kong: Yeah, I will get out of the way this thing. So I will go
David Kong: Yeah, I'll go over here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it's now going to
Timothy Sackton: I guess it's going to attack wrestling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool. No.
Timothy Sackton: So it does have the highest AC of all of you, but one tangible Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Second tangible messes.
Timothy Sackton: Bird 10 messages.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: Tangible message.
Timothy Sackton: Was tendrils come flying out you 15 1615 eight
Timothy Sackton: All of which just either you duck out of the way. Or they bounce off your armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
David Kong: This thing is that we're totally gonna kill us.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Your turn.
Kate Sackton: All right. It doesn't matter what order I do in terms of like attacking mover moving and attack. Yep. Now,
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't matter.
Kate Sackton: Just because I'm tired of having chemicals flying around my head.
Here.
Mike Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: So I cast it and we'll see how it can
Kate Sackton: Happen.
Mike Sackton: flood damage.
Damage
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, I'll be your app.
David Schwartz: Is there anywhere that I can hide. Like if I anywhere along here, or down this way or what are
David Schwartz: You
Timothy Sackton: Currently hide in these
Timothy Sackton: Amanda sort of stone ruins down here.
Kate Sackton: Inspiration doesn't help with casting spells. Right.
Timothy Sackton: You can add it to the attack role, but
Timothy Sackton: It's still too low.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe
Kate Sackton: I'll save it for something better than the seven
David Schwartz: Awesome. I'm going to move and then use my connection to continue that move. I don't hide this turn. But I will take a regular shot.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Timothy Sackton: Whoa, hey,
Timothy Sackton: 12 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: And you're not stuck in its body.
Timothy Sackton: That arrow is definitely stuck in his body.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, it
Timothy Sackton: Is definite sticking
Timothy Sackton: I'm gonna have to get back up. You're just like
Timothy Sackton: Run limping a little bit. You just line up your shot and your arrow flies smack straight piercing directly into its body.
Mike Sackton: What's your
Mike Sackton: What's your, what's your move.
Eric Rosenbaum: 25 so I can get in range and cast
Mike Sackton: It so it's 60 foot range, so you don't have to be that
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep. Yeah, I can. I can walk up a little bit and do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Kenzo first
David Kong: All right, let's do it now.
David Kong: All the things I could do I need to be closer to
David Kong: See if it actually had a tactic, like a, like an attack a technical pretty effectively but
David Kong: What are useful things I could do
David Kong: I guess I could shoot a dart at it.
David Kong: Why does it say range 20 and then 60 in parentheses.
Mike Sackton: disadvantage if it's
David Kong: It's between 20 and 60
Mike Sackton: You can't even shoot a diet.
David Kong: Right after I got
Mike Sackton: To be closer
David Kong: To do right now than other than run closer to it and get
David Kong: The like I'm useful. If somebody gets grappled then I can attack a technical
But
David Kong: Let me see.
Most men do.
David Kong: O R is is arts tentacles like missiles. Is it like a missile attack. Can I had to fly.
Timothy Sackton: It's a, it's a, it's just a melee weapon attack with a really, really, really long reach. Got it. Interesting. Okay.
David Kong: Shit, y'all, I'm not sure what I can do right now that's very useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try to get work the angle, see what else, what other part of the map, you get to
David Kong: Your pretty fast.
David Kong: I am pretty fast.
David Kong: Honestly I'm most useful if somebody actually gets grappled
David Kong: Then
Timothy Sackton: You can i can
Timothy Sackton: Add an action to attack.
A
Timothy Sackton: pentacle if one hit somebody
David Kong: What is reading an action mean
Timothy Sackton: That means you just wait and if
Timothy Sackton: The triggering thing happens.
Timothy Sackton: Before the start of your next turn. You can use a reaction to make an attack.
Timothy Sackton: That's cool. Like, you could say, I'm going to just wait and see if
Timothy Sackton: Somebody gets hit. And then if they do, I'm going to attack the tentacle. Cool.
David Kong: I will do that in case Roseland gets gets hit again.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker. You're on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some my mental image of calamari is reformulating into more of like a grilled
David Schwartz: Concept.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so I have to get
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks to all these arrow, I can now apply metal, but I just have
Timothy Sackton: To be within 60 feet of that.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: two squares forward.
So it's
Timothy Sackton: Three squares forward right below this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so it's just
Eric Rosenbaum: So I briefly step up to 60 feet away from the thing
Eric Rosenbaum: And draw just a tiny flame in the air and fling it just to where the arrowhead entered
Eric Rosenbaum: From wilburys attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, now I think as a bonus action. I can keep applying this wall that will that middle is still water. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Subsequent turns
You can get
David Kong: Used to 12 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, yep.
David Kong: So the 38 now.
David Kong: Guys we're recruiting this
Mike Sackton: Yeah, dead.
David Kong: Dealt with you too little faith in us in our
Mike Sackton: Collective now.
David Schwartz: You can also move back again. Right.
Mike Sackton: You can move you can move, whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, move
David Kong: Move 1010
David Kong: Yeah, I think, I think it's got a 60 foot range.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good call. Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so that's me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That was
David Kong: In the darkness.
Mike Sackton: Ooh.
Nice.
Mike Sackton: It actually takes a lot more damage than that.
Timothy Sackton: Right, because you have hacks and you have your curse.
Mike Sackton: So it actually takes 11
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong: All right, listen we're crushing it. It's got 19 months.
Timothy Sackton: And are you gonna pull it
Mike Sackton: Ah yeah, why not, let's pull it away from everybody.
Timothy Sackton: I will miss 10 nine or
Mike Sackton: 10 feet in a straight line towards me and then
David Kong: Making a close Archie pull up, pull up 10 feet towards us, making it closer to us.
David Kong: Is it. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Then I will not
David Kong: Be pulled a 10 feet directly north, it would make it farther away but 10 feet towards you would make it closer to
Timothy Sackton: Rest. Yeah. You'd have
Timothy Sackton: To like move over to here, then that one.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, well I'll move. Actually, why don't I move
Mike Sackton: How many squares us that
Mike Sackton: Move with your bare before I can before I attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so then you can call it what
Kate Sackton: Are you gonna play
Roller
Mike Sackton: Over that
Timothy Sackton: It sort of has to loop around the
Timothy Sackton: That's good.
Timothy Sackton: The lag tight here because it can't.
Mike Sackton: I just also then he
Goes
Mike Sackton: I moved 25 I go, I have one more move
Timothy Sackton: Well remember your 20 feet up in the air so
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Your
Timothy Sackton: Your you're currently right there. You're 60 feet away.
Mike Sackton: Wow, that's not how triangles technically
Timothy Sackton: Calculation rather than
Timothy Sackton: Plus
Timothy Sackton: 40 square, square root
Eric Rosenbaum: There is no Protagoras in this world.
Yes.
David Kong: Decide with the geometry is Mike, come on.
Timothy Sackton: Is that your is that your
Timothy Sackton: Turn
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's my turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it is going to look around.
Eric Rosenbaum: It also has disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: You know what I'm going to draw your own to
Mike Sackton: Just in case it comes towards me.
Timothy Sackton: It has disadvantage know it succeeded on US constitution stands so it does not have
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's gonna move
Timothy Sackton: It's gonna move there and
David Kong: Turn yes oh
Eric Rosenbaum: Guys, we got this it's running. It's on the run.
David Kong: We got this.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Your turn.
Kate Sackton: All right, I'm
Kate Sackton: Or the folder this lag time blocking my
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so definitely as cover.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'm moving
Kate Sackton: But if I move like up here.
Kate Sackton: Right, that then I can sort of see it.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you probably have to move one more to have a clear line.
Timothy Sackton: But you might not want to waste too many more spells at this point.
Mike Sackton: We always just do a can trap.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can always sacred flame at
Timothy Sackton: That 60
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I
Timothy Sackton: Think in Canada, very good at saving us
Kate Sackton: Wendy, I guess it's the same as a crossbow so sure I'll sacred claim it
Timothy Sackton: Despite its minus one that says that was a natural 20 so advantages to
Eric Rosenbaum: With a 19 just slip
Timothy Sackton: Out of the blast of your flame.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay, at this point, though.
Timothy Sackton: You've kind of got a trap and
Timothy Sackton: You know, in the interest of time, I think, between while the pot shouting it with
Timothy Sackton: Arrows and sacred flame and Eldridge blast.
Timothy Sackton: There's no way it can catch up to any of you with. It's pitiful 10 feet of movement. So over the next minute or so you just slowly where it down between arrows. The
Timothy Sackton: Heat of the burning arrow that's embedded into it and the blast of forest and fire from
Timothy Sackton: Rest when and
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo until
Timothy Sackton: It sort of, you know, it's moving around like this, it moves like basically 10 feet every turn, just sort of trying to find somebody, but with its tiny little legs that just has no ability to
Timothy Sackton: Once you've figured out the safe radius to be away from it. It just has no ability to get close to you and you have too much range damage potential for it to survive and
Timothy Sackton: It cracks down falling on the floor.
David Schwartz: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the reaction of our friend who's
Timothy Sackton: Watching in the side and
Timothy Sackton: Once you
Timothy Sackton: Once you sort of figure it out and are sort of spending your time at a distance just taking potshots on it, they sort of look wrapped and then when it cracks. There's like sort of cheering and
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, sort of. Whoops, of laughter
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: The sort of white haired woman turns and sort of points at the mall. Instead, and sort of looks and says, I told you.
Timothy Sackton: We would fix it.
Timothy Sackton: Is like taking credit for your success, basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Glad glad we could help you out.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so now
Eric Rosenbaum: As we agreed, you'll give us safe passage over to
Eric Rosenbaum: Two.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guys.
David Schwartz: Into the fortress on the other side of that and see if they'll show us the underground passages that we can use to get into ravens
Eric Rosenbaum: safe passage to Raven towards
Eric Rosenbaum: Underground
Timothy Sackton: She, she sort of looks up at you as you shut
Timothy Sackton: The door and that way you make safe passage for yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which will be pointing
Timothy Sackton: Like on the other side of this, big cavern.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look straight across.
David Schwartz: This you pointing to the theater.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see that far away. I mean, she's pointing across the darkness to the other side of the cavern.
David Schwartz: We know based on the map.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. For someone or market.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Assuming you're on the longer
Mike Sackton: I need to go to bed.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong: This is a good stopping point.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's what I was gonna suggest
David Kong: Shall we schedule.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh nice, good. I do.
Timothy Sackton: I'm flexible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sam.
Sam.
David Kong: We do Friday next time.
Timothy Sackton: I would, yeah, I would
Timothy Sackton: definitely prefer Friday.
David Kong: Could we do. And then I could do any more Fridays coming up. I could do the weapons. I could do a team.
Timothy Sackton: I'd be happy to do the 11th. If that works with people.
But
Mike Sackton: I don't know if that's great for me.
Mike Sackton: I'm just playing my other game next week and it's kind of hard to do two games in one week and that. And I would just it's a lot
David Kong: Of cool dude. I mean, we can always buy cyberpunk shorts.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man. So true. I would love to play that again. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Sure we do that, shall we say, the 18th and
Mike Sackton: That for me should be fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, 18th. That sounds good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's good for me, too, because the following week, I could not do.
Timothy Sackton: What
Kate Sackton: Russia Shana as the 1980s, like on 18th or anything, we're not gonna happen.
Mike Sackton: I can't imagine we're going to have any kind of family.
Mike Sackton: Thing. Right. I mean, I admit, I haven't thought about it. But we're not at a pandemic point where we're all going to get together so i don't think i don't think anybody's planning it maybe we'll come. I mean, if somebody's trying to do an outside Russia Shawna thing.
Mike Sackton: I just, I don't think so, would be might be my thought so.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's tough.
Mike Sackton: But it is, it's a good point.
Mike Sackton: But I don't think it's gonna matter.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Let me. I mean, let's say that I mean when we talk to Dana, just to make sure she wasn't right.
Well,
Mike Sackton: I mean anything.
Timothy Sackton: Is the 19th or 20th that weekend, also a possibility if we
David Kong: Any, any of those are fine for me.
Mike Sackton: Saying yeah any of that. Well, the 19th, I'd be probably more likely to be doing something right.
Mike Sackton: Russia Shawna, but
Mike Sackton: The 20th, for sure. Let's say the 18th unless it doesn't work, in which case
Timothy Sackton: For us, could you do the 20th if he
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't work.
David Schwartz: I could do the 20th Saturdays in general are bad.
Timothy Sackton: Because, yeah.
David Schwartz: production schedule for Sunday's right
So,
Timothy Sackton: Say the 18th through the 20th as a backup.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great. Awesome.
David Kong: And then next weekend and I could do Friday or Saturday. If you want to play cyberpunk shorts or Friday. If you want to play.
David Schwartz: We love to serve up
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my god.
David Schwartz: Really oh
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yes.
sweets.
Eric Rosenbaum: That'll be FRIDAY, THE 11th. Right. Yeah.
Yeah.
David Schwartz: For a nominal nominal cyberpunk but actually call it
Eric Rosenbaum: Puts air quotes cyberpunk. Exactly. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: More yeah
David Kong: It's more. What would you say our charts.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Kong: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
David Kong: Oh, and Eric and I are hanging out with my friend. I knew, who's this like science fiction writer guy on Sunday, and we're going to recruit him to be an NPC for one of these things will figure out what
Mike Sackton: Cool.
David Kong: Or for both. Yeah. Yeah. Well, this will discuss with
David Kong: So much experience doing role playing games.
David Kong: You need to read his book summer lands, because it directly.
Timothy Sackton: I need to read and I put them on my list not